Gwenevere Abriel: Jackie.
Gwenevere Abriel: How long were you on me to wait in in the clinic.
Jackie: I actually bypass it because it usually takes forever for me to check in. Should I have gone there first.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, I've been catching a lot of flack about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I head head over there. I'll stay here.
Jackie: Okay, I'll be right back. Sorry.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so you checked it in the virtual clinic.
Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are your little dudes snoozing or just
Jackie: Playing air my room watching a movie. My younger one was really sick. Last night he threw up like a couple times and
Jackie: You had a fever. So he might be in and out here a lot. So, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I completely understand. Yeah.
I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, everybody. This is the is a very pressing issue for people
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: I've had a couple clients, this morning, and I'll bring up the topic, and then you talk about it as long as you want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: This coronavirus is affecting all of us at this point in one shape or form, whether it's just fear based or re educating ourselves like personally need to educate myself more
Gwenevere Abriel: Like sit here in isolation in my home.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, but it does affect I was going to do some traveling to Seattle in April.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that might not happen. And so what about you, what does it make you think about
Jackie: Um, since they shut down like schools yesterday that's been. I don't know. So going to the stores and seeing like empty shelves and stuff that's really surreal. And they're like, shutting down schools and
Jackie: Like so many things are closing down and that's even more surreal. So it's kind of like it's just really weird. I don't know. It's hard to believe that this is real, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks apocalyptic, doesn't it.
Jackie: Exactly, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the thing about Florida. That's a little different is
Gwenevere Abriel: I experienced this every year. So there's a hurricane season over here, and every single year. Everyone does the exact same thing we
Gwenevere Abriel: All go through months of especially if there's an actual storm we do it just on a regular basis. Our whole all of our we just behave differently. And then when there's a storm coming. It's just all consuming so we go through this every year.
Jackie: Yeah, I thought about that, actually. So I guess.
Jackie: In that sense, I don't want to say desensitized which you guys are doing it in a way, it's just a different subject, I guess. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So, and, but it doesn't mean I mean I might be minimizing it, I might need to go get some supplies but
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't
Jackie: I mean, good luck. At this point, I don't know if it's the same out there, but I'm sorry I got really bright
Jackie: Like the shelves are so bear here there's like nothing, there's nothing. It's really crazy and think the scariest thing to me too is knowing that we don't know what's going to happen next.
Jackie: Yeah, there's like no cure, you know, no one really knows what the next step is we're just going, day by day, that's weird to I'm used to, like,
Jackie: Being reassured bill being like, Oh, no, this is what's going to happen. Don't worry, where people are like, no, like, you should isolate yourself because we don't know what's going to happen that strange
Gwenevere Abriel: The other, the other half of that might also be plenty of people have had it and their natural immune system handled it just fine. Right.
Jackie: That too.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's also happening and folks that are older and have challenged immune systems.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're challenged by a lot of dis ease so
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, I don't know. I guess that's where it sits for me doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Mean it's the right version.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're always vulnerable.
Exactly.
Jackie: An interesting thing to be going through. I guess it's really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is weird does
Gwenevere Abriel: To have schools like I texted you. I said that one of my son's colleges cancelled. And that's a really big deal.
Jackie: Saying my classes are switching to online classes and we're heading into finals. So we'll be doing finals at home, which is good for me.
Jackie: It's still really strange and my kids can't go anywhere for three weeks because their daycare in Pre K runs off of public school schedules. So they're doing the same stuff.
Jackie: Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Lots of pasta. Lots of adjusting and I pretty much just, I just figured these are chandelier issues. I'm still very blessed to have, like, we're going to be okay.
Gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm just going to get more education and sit with you all, as you guys kind of work through
Jackie: Sorry, I didn't move this. It's so bright.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you've got some nice sunshine coming in there.
Jackie: You know it's morning, late
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can find a place that feels like you're not getting
Gwenevere Abriel: With sunbeams there.
Jackie: That's probably a little better.
Jackie: So distracting. Is that okay, of course, it's okay. Okay.
Jackie: So yeah, the other thing, too, is my son being really sick. Of course the first thing in my head is like, Oh my God, did he get it, but they don't think it's that nobody thinks that's the case because he has like a runny nose and stuff. And it's probably situs yes so
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can't help it. I your that's gonna be the first thought. Right now I
Gwenevere Abriel: can't help it. I did too. I had a little runny nose, last night I was like
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm like, Hey, guys. Hey, I have a dry cough.
Jackie: Then you start getting worried about every little thing. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now I think I'm gonna like my, my family went out to dinner. I didn't go. But I mean, they
Gwenevere Abriel: Everybody kind of handle is just a little bit differently.
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you is this to the point that it's nightmares. Are you noticing, you're not able to concentrate. Is it getting to that degree.
Jackie: No, not really. It's just like I said surreal. I'm
Jackie: Not horrified or terrified or anything. We're okay in our house. We have food, you know, we have what we need. Essentially, I don't. It's just, it's a little scary, but I'm not like having nightmares. I mean, I have nightmares, but not over this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you want to talk about that for a little while, or do you want to lose your focus WHEREVER YOU WANT TO TODAY IS NOT A like a review treatment objective kind of day, we can go. We can drift around move and groove wherever you want to.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you want me to take the lead. I have never a problem taking the lead.
Jackie: I think you should take the lead.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I already started kind of snooping around in here and I wanted to check something I've opened up a note for today, but I wanted to just take a peek at this one. On March six wanted to look back at that one for a moment and just see something
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why for some reason the notes aren't moving over to the new note that's that's a concern for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's not in the note for today. I just double check.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it should do. Save As and move over. Wonder what. Oh, I think I know what I did wrong. All right, let me see if I can redo this
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Don't think I can. I think
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta do a little something here. You don't need to hear the narration is boring stuff. But let me, let me just get my current note, together with things we've done it just didn't move over.
didn't save
Gwenevere Abriel: I think it was human error. I think it was me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I did a Save As, but it was from February instead of three six copy. Let me see if I can grab this guy because you did some work. See it, I can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up to 313 13
Hey, we can add that
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not forget that one. If we really want to mess up our heads here.
Seriously.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thanks, Glenn. Thanks for the reminder
Jackie: Oh no, I'm glad I have nothing to do today, so I'm not worried too bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we're good. We got that in me. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's do, let's populate more in in the subjective unit of distress. Let's get a little more understanding or me understand more about this thermometer this this sort of register of, you know, how you said, Well, I do have some nightmares. But it's not about this virus.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, things are intruding in your unconscious. I don't know what your belief is about dreams.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it seems like you've got some intrusion in there. It's trying to subtle. I think trying to find a
Gwenevere Abriel: Arresting, where will it rest. What will be the summary, what are we going to do with this information. So let's just say we start with this.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's a connection between maybe the dream and maybe some of these experiences you've had in your life, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now I'm looking at the the scale from zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Got them all listed over on the left hand side. And I'd like to populate it with a couple of experiences that you've had.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you decide how much detail you want to give me. I basically want to know the age, I'll ask you, maybe what was going on. What was the negative cognition. What was the emotion. I'll probably ask a couple of things like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: My ears are really bad this morning. So you're going to see a lot of that. And I apologize. You don't have to take care of me, just let me know. I'm gonna look really weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: As I usually do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to 50
Gwenevere Abriel: Not chill zero is like I'm in a relaxed body. I feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nothing's really bugging me. That's kind of what the zero is and it's consistent with the way the mind is settled and the body's not activated. It's out of zero.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hundred typically is where fight or flight gets activated not freeze freeze with people low that zero
Jackie: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can talk about that in a minute, just for now let's just tap into.
Gwenevere Abriel: fear, anger, probably going to be the primary emotions up there probably won't be were sad moves. Typically when we're activated to fight into flight. We're up there with anger and fear. So, can you can you think of an incident where you were at about 50
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have been able to still think straight blood was still flowing to your prefrontal cortex different parts of your brain were still communicating with each other.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was distressing at about a 50 don't get too hung up on the number just want to know the first kind of story that came into your mind.
Jackie: And probably just like maybe a week go whenever I was taking a bath and my husband was putting the kids to bed, and they were like really fighting going to sleep and
Jackie: He got frustrated and yelled at them and I like heard him yell at them and then like I sat there and I was thinking about it, I was like, oh, you shouldn't be doing that, but I was like
Jackie: No, if I yell at him, then it's just going to make it worse. I should just let him deal with it because I know he's going to end up apologizing. So like it was a lot of discomfort, but I was able to think about it. Think about my actions and what I should do realistic. So I think that
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I apologize.
Jackie: If he did
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you have to bring it to his attention.
Jackie: Did I have to probably not, but did I. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, you did eventually got out about something you talk to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. This is about a week ago. And how did it sound when you addressed him about the yelling
Jackie: I was like,
Jackie: You know, I really hate the way you
Jackie: get frustrated and end up yelling at them. I was like, I don't think they deserve that just because you're frustrated and I probably approach it the wrong way. Honestly, but that's pretty close to how it sounded, but it was just really bugged to
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't write down the last part, I really hate the way you get frustrated with the kids. I don't think they
Jackie: deserve that.
Gwenevere Abriel: deserve that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think they deserve that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, you could you keep up already got
Gwenevere Abriel: Good.
Jackie: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi, I should bring my puppets out
Jackie: It was gonna be popping in and out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Exactly. Alright, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see, so don't don't apologize, what this can do is it can create enough of a distraction for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just pay attention to.
Gwenevere Abriel: What may end up happening is your first response, you might end up saying it quickly and, naturally, because you're going to be a little distracted with him. So just let that happen. Okay.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Air Conditioning way too high. I've got like a parka on right now.
Jackie: I saw that I was like, wow, it must be cold there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's probably not a big baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: My baby.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, he should not hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Nice. Okay, so the distress level the subjective unit of distress. What number would you get that last week.
Jackie: My distress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we're going to give it a number from zero to 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Hundred is
Jackie: When you say it was yeah accurate. I got it all move that down right there. Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and the emotion. Emotion word that you were feeling you're, you're in the bathtub can hear it doesn't match the way you would be parenting.
Jackie: It right
Gwenevere Abriel: What was the emotion, you're feeling
Jackie: irritated and frustrated or the first two words, they came in my mind. Okay. But I guess kind of disappointed to
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the thought or belief that goes with disappointed.
Jackie: That like I've kind of talked to him about this before and he should be a little more patient with them like you should know by now, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to get something to entertain him.
Gwenevere Abriel: With that film. Right. Or does he just want the snuggle time
Jackie: Exactly. He just wants. Yeah, to lay
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I get it. I just wanted to offer it. Okay, yeah, of course. Um, and that makes a goodness gracious. Oh, you're gonna make me cry. I'm in such a crybaby move today. I always
Gwenevere Abriel: I knew I was going to get lots of baby time because everybody's kids right around. I was like, well, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Gonna get to see lots of kids today.
Jackie: So cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we have really a complex emotion of irritation frustration and disappointment and a belief, he should know by now.
Exactly. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This one's harder to get to this one is
Gwenevere Abriel: He should know by now is the thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what that says about you.
Jackie: Is that I'm sorry, see what
Gwenevere Abriel: See what that says about you. So go to he should know by now. I told him this already see what the I Am I believe I am see what see what the belief about you is right in that moment and be patient with yourself, because these are harder to get to
Jackie: Just take
Gwenevere Abriel: What rush, don't rush. Just go go dip into the emotion dip into the should
Gwenevere Abriel: Dip into
Gwenevere Abriel: Why already know the outcome. I can predict this is how it's going to go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go there for a little bit and see what comes up. What's the belief about you.
Jackie: That I have a better way of dealing with the kids than he does.
Jackie: Is that really true. I don't know. But that's how I felt. I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so I have a better way of dealing with the kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it's I'm better than him.
Jackie: And more patient than him.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's okay. I am working
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how true is that would you say zero to 10 I'm more patient than home.
Jackie: Pretty, pretty true in most situations, probably about it at eight or nine
Gwenevere Abriel: So 8.5
Jackie: Yeah, there you go. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you like that meaning endorse, do you like that belief. I'm more patient than him.
Jackie: I mean, I don't really know if I like it or dislike it. It's just kind of true. Yeah, I guess I like it, I guess. Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, as you're thinking about that incident, about a week ago. Um, let's see if there's any somatic register. Did you notice as you were talking about it. You felt it anywhere in the body.
Jackie: My hands, probably, I guess, fidgeting. A lot of my hands. Okay. And Judy.
Judy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go a little higher.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go maybe 70 maybe something a bit hard to stressing where it was a little harder to think straight to use logic and reason to put yourself, both in the moment and into the future, which takes all that prefrontal cortex. It's a hard thing to do. It's a very evolved thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a little bit more intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Experience, maybe a story around that.
Jackie: This can be like his older his recent oh
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, all
Gwenevere Abriel: Sure.
Jackie: Sorry, let me think for a second.
Jackie: Probably. I mean, this is kind of like over a general period of time, but like when my dad would take my mom's side over like blatant lies.
Jackie: And usually they were against me and I would be like, no, like, this is the truth. SHE'S LYING AND I KNOW HE WOULD KNOW IT WAS SHE WAS LYING. But he would still
Jackie: Like side with her and get mad at me and take it out on me, even though everybody use you as lion, including her that was that's really hard to deal with.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What number do you give that one in the subjective that can be sort of that emotional distress.
Jackie: My gosh, I'm good at 80
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I have it here. It's 70 I'm going to move it up there. It is at, okay, and my seemed like a no duh. But what's the emotion justice that we visited that intensity of at just now right was really a big deal back then that period of time. Dad would take her side, knowing
Gwenevere Abriel: Your he knows you're telling the truth.
Jackie: It was such strong like ridiculous frustration. It was pretty, pretty much turned into anger at that point, like just frustration overgrown
Gwenevere Abriel: And what was the belief about yourself back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go slow, don't rush it. No apology needed. These are hard to find. Just let it, let it find its way so visit anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seeing him listening to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the opposite.
Gwenevere Abriel: What happens the opposite of your reality.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's even the opposite of his reality, but he's saying something else.
Jackie: And never going to be understood in that comes into mind yeah is never going to come out or she's always going to be protected. That's more darn me so, nevermind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is an important thought, though, I'm never going to be understood and she's always going to be protected.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she's being protected. That's important. I want to hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, yeah.
Jackie: To this day is still like that to this day. This day huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Makes me want to pull out all my baby pictures.
Oh,
Jackie: See that scares me so scary.
Gwenevere Abriel: Having them grow.
Jackie: Yes. Yeah, it's weird. I can't picture them being like men. It's weird.
Gwenevere Abriel: It goes, nice and slow, it'll
Gwenevere Abriel: It'll take on all the sudden you'll be
Gwenevere Abriel: Like bone structure. What is that like the face is like it's not doesn't have
A
Gwenevere Abriel: baby. The baby fat and who Chunky Monkey.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, no, it's just a different love. It's the same, same thing.
Jackie: You're just a little bigger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's just and they're, they're more to hug.
Jackie: So strange
Gwenevere Abriel: And I wouldn't have been able to tell you that if it wasn't true. I was exactly where you're at, like, how can that be. I like the cutie pie, miss.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the stages are amazing.
All right, we got here. I never going to be understood.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is that today.
Jackie: This is not so much is true, but that's because I feel, I feel like I can explain myself and stand up for myself a little more than I used to be able to
Jackie: And I mean the people that I deal with are so different from my parents. So they at least most of the time are willing to listen a little better than they are. So it's not as true. I mean, I feel like I misunderstood a lot, but I'm able to explain that to people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Me ask you when you're explaining yourself. This is really subtle.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're explaining explaining explaining. Imagine the persons that list is listening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Only says back. Basically what you're saying. They just merit, back to you. Would that be enough for you to feel understood
Jackie: I like to hear people like explain what I'm saying in their own words to me. That's reassuring that they understand me. Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel I'm misunderstood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nope, not that one. I am never going to be understood that one. Give me a number, from what is, what is this one. This one's the
Gwenevere Abriel: One. That's the one to seven. So how true is that today. Just give me a number one to seven seven is it's totally true. I'm never going to be understood how true is that
Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the positive belief. Yes, sort of the, the opposite, like what you want to believe what, what would you like to, to believe. What's the positive cognition.
Jackie: Oh, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see God.
Jackie: Is a piece of tape on his face, and he's
Gwenevere Abriel: Dancing and he looks like. What's he got he's got a special little tongue there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you.
Jackie: Okay, good. Thank you.
Jackie: Okay. I'll be right there.
Jackie: I'm sorry, can you repeat the question.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember. Oh, positive cognition, thinking about what you want to be thinking. So if right it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll never be understood.
Gwenevere Abriel: The one you want to be thinking as what
Gwenevere Abriel: Just go back to it might because you're with your kids. So just see if you can go back to that discomfort. In fact, it was ridiculous frustration and anger, actually. So just picture.
Jackie: I like to have
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, that what I would have liked to have believed at the time because you're you can picture you can see see your dad doing what he needs to be doing what he's doing your mom's doing
Gwenevere Abriel: what she's doing. And you're ridiculously frustrated and angry. What do you, what do you kind of wish your belief about yourself back then was
Jackie: I'm heard
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is it today.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one is one to 10 How true is it unheard.
Jackie: 6.5
Gwenevere Abriel: To two day 6.5
Okay.
Jackie: Give me tissue for you. Okay. Me too.
Jackie: I'm so sorry. Those bad
Jackie: Why we keep coming in and out. I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, they're probably going to continue to do so. So I assume you're you're sorry for it but just remember I'm. This isn't my treatment. This is yours.
Jackie: So, exactly. Don't worry about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not on my anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's go to
Gwenevere Abriel: I am heard
Jackie: Yes.
Jackie: Sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: See why it's not a solid seven or a solid eight just see what gets in the way of that.
Jackie: I think because I still have to ask for validation, like, especially with my husband. I'm like, Do you get what I'm saying. I'm like,
Jackie: In your own words like what am I saying, I have to say that a lot. And then most of the time, he doesn't really get it to the point where I wish he would get it so
Jackie: I see. Yep.
Doesn't get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you think you might feel meaning emotion. If you really got you.
Jackie: Piece
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it oftentimes that you want him to
Gwenevere Abriel: Validate you
Gwenevere Abriel: But really, that's enough, you don't actually need him to go change something, it's just please say say that say it back using your own context and experience.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just that doesn't, you don't really
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not looking for him to go, you know, clean out the garage and, you know, you just want to be able to explain how important a clean garages.
Jackie: Exactly. Or like I explained, like why clean is so important to me. Maybe you don't even go do it in the next week. But tell me that like you understand why I like clean
Jackie: Then I mean at least that way. I'm thinking in my head. Okay. At least he understands and that's like in his mind somewhere that he knows it's important, and why
Jackie: Not that I'm just, you know, nagging him to go do something. There's a reason behind it.
Do you remember
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you caught yourself doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You gave it to yourself instead
Jackie: The validation
Uh huh.
Jackie: I think recently I my own validation has been enough to kind of fulfill that recently, especially I've never used to be able to do that kind of thing.
Jackie: And it makes me feel a lot
Jackie: Better, but at the same time it's missing that like my husband, especially doesn't really get it. I just feel like it's important
Jackie: Here, look.
Jackie: Oh yeah, I'm sorry for saying that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Good luck with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I already hacked away at that one.
Jackie: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: On a back off for a while.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like this. I like where you're going with this. So let's go between let's go in between those two get one of those images. You just had
Gwenevere Abriel: You know recently I've been validating so something you pictured something right so just go with that. Just hold on to it for a moment in your in your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Something was still missing and you're telling me it's important that this other person know my motivation and my intent.
Jackie: Right. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is piece missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: If not, what's missing because pieces almost
Gwenevere Abriel: Well okay pieces not there. If pieces. This space between other my object husband used to be apparent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pieces in here, what's here while I'm taking care of myself not demanding that the other object. Give it to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's missing.
Jackie: Wholeheartedly. It's peace. I say that so much when I'm like even frustrated or overwhelmed and like I just want peace. I just want to like be at peace and be like, just at a comfortable state. I don't even know how to explain it. Peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the opposite of peace first word.
Jackie: Disrupt
Jackie: I don't know if that's accurate because then I feel like sadness to and frustration. Okay.
Sadness frustration.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds very similar to that general period of time, and it was a long, you know, long history of disruption sadness frustration that was a long period.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why have you decided to do the self validation more often recently.
Jackie: It's a tool that I've always had that I guess and never notice actually changed the way I felt even a little bit so
Jackie: I guess in my head self validation is better than no validation, because then I know my truth. And I know my intent.
Jackie: I know I'm not trying to nag anybody or just upset anybody. And even if they don't get it. I know it's true about me. So maybe one day that truth will come through, because if it's truth, it's always going to be there. It's relentless relentless truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will happen if your husband doesn't understand you.
Jackie: That's a big fear mine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now to realize it. Just try to catch the first imagery that first response. I know it's a fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: What will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he doesn't understand you.
Jackie: Struggling forever.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that of course is
Gwenevere Abriel: Not peace. That's the absence of peace.
Jackie: Yep, exactly. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: In tangible terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: So patient, whatever that little image, you had right self validated that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Just least I can do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: He still doesn't understand
Gwenevere Abriel: There's not peace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Play that forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: What, what is this relationship going to look like. What's your happiness going to look like. How's the functioning of the family, how, what's the, the ultimate fear that's going to happen.
Jackie: That I'm gonna have to let things go and forget them and act like they're no big deal when they really are to me and just let them slide to
Jackie: Ensure that there's no like bumps in the road and that everything's functioning. Okay, I just been forever. I'm going to have to betray myself, I guess.
Jackie: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is your
Gwenevere Abriel: Husband capable of, let's say,
Gwenevere Abriel: In my terms, it was be. Does your husband have the ego strength to show
Gwenevere Abriel: Empathy and validation, which means
Gwenevere Abriel: He can say back in his own words, his own experience of you knowing, given your childhood. How important, you know, using his own awareness of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your beliefs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can he do it. Does he have the ego strength to do it.
Jackie: If he's not frustrated and like all worked up. Yes, but most the time, I have to prompt him so like, what do you do it unprompted, not really, but I mean if I asked him, and I'm like, Can you tell me why this bugs me or something then he'd be like, then he repeat it back.
Jackie: Or like, I'm like, do you know why this bugs me. Can you tell me why this is so irritating to me. I say that a lot and like reiterate it
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, how often does that pattern right there happens
Jackie: Every other day maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Give me an example over content like an actual, like I need to know. Or I want to know. Anyway over
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I got a really every other day I got a great number
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not looking. I'm actually looking for content now.
Jackie: Like about what
Gwenevere Abriel: Making the bed is content right let me. Can I hear what it's over.
Jackie: Yeah, this could be over anything about like why I don't want some of his family around our kids.
Jackie: Why, why I don't want him to stay an extra hour late at work. If he doesn't have to. Why like clean cleaning is a huge one. I don't know why I want him to clean or why it bugs me when he saw like short and rough like with the kids like if he's frustrated or tired.
Jackie: That's a few. I mean, that's, that's great.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are great examples of
Jackie: Those are the big ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now remember earlier I asked you, is it enough that he just say, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said yes.
Jackie: He just said the words I understand know
Jackie: The philosophy. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't it because earlier you said yes it's enough that he validates me because I asked you that what you didn't say was no I needed to go change it. You didn't say that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I was checking in on I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: On ask it again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it enough.
Jackie: There's certain things like listing those situations. There's certain things where it's probably not because
Jackie: He's like, I'm sorry person. He's like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, but then I'm like, well, to be sorry. You got to try to, like, change your behavior to not do it again.
Jackie: So like that gets frustrating because he can be sorry a million times over one thing. And I'm like, we wouldn't have to be sorry if you would just try to like not do it. So sometimes I wish you would change things. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're already getting can't believe it's almost the top of the hour and
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you deliver that behavior request.
Jackie: I say a flat out. I'm like, I'm so sick of sorry like you don't like I'm so tired of. Sorry, just don't do it. Just don't do it. And you don't have to be sorry. And we don't have to go through this
Gwenevere Abriel: What does he say
Jackie: I know
Jackie: What does he say he's like, I know I sorry doesn't mean anything anymore. I really I he always says, Oh, I'm really going to work on it. I'm really going to try not to.
Jackie: And then maybe like for movies will be really good. But then it goes back to like not happening at all anymore.
Jackie: And I'm like, Oh, why can't you just be consistent, your debut.
Gwenevere Abriel: And his storyline his history doesn't have
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't naturally reinforce these values that you have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just has it. He has a different story.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, his family.
Jackie: Mm hmm. Definitely. He says all the time. Oh, I'm not used to doing this because I had to explain like empathy to him a long time ago. And he's like, empathy doesn't come naturally to me like
Jackie: I'm not the type of person who's good at doing that. Like I'm but I but I'm working on it for you. He says all the time. So,
Jackie: He says he had to turn that off when he was younger. A lot of the time.
Jackie: Don't step on it.
Jackie: Let me
Jackie: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. I think we've got some interesting information that I think later on we might be able to sort of do some of those experiential exercises together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But check in with you. See, see if you notice anything important that came up for you.
Jackie: These are things that I don't really let anybody know that, like, I don't really talk about a lot. So, but the only person on earth who probably knows about these things right now. So that's a lot, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just am so privileged. Thank you for that. For that trust. I'll be I'll be careful with it.
Be careful with it.
Jackie: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. What do you need from me. Do you need a message to a doctor for medication. Should we reschedule an appointment.
Jackie: I don't even see me in regards to medication but yeah let's reschedule something. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, looking for a pencil.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now are you liking nine o'clock.
Jackie: Am. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll, we'll meet march 20 which is a Friday.
Jackie: Is it next Friday. Uh huh. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you have a pretty darn consistent theme.
Jackie: What
Gwenevere Abriel: It's around that event it's around that that invalidating crazy making family environment. It's just, it's there. And then it's there. And then it's there. And then it's there. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's important.
Jackie: really messed me up. It
Gwenevere Abriel: It would, it would make anyone cuckoo.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm so impressed and how functional right because you could have really
Jackie: I say that all the time. I could have ended up just like my mom. But then I use. I think that just the frustration and like how much I just liked it. I'm like, I can't be like that. I can't, I can't be like a replication of that I can't I just can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's there some some rebellion inside of you. Some tenaciousness some defiance. That will not yield. It knows itself. And that's, that's, that is beautiful. And we're going to be able to capitalize on that. Okay.
Jackie: I'm excited. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I will say, I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really do.
Jackie: Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And every opportunity I can. I want to be that for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, I will see you in group and then I'll see you the next day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you. When do you see when you come into group.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's great.
Jackie: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got some new group members in there. It's getting really
Jackie: Yesterday it was
Jackie: Down.
Gwenevere Abriel: The doctor and I are like we need to grow. We got
Gwenevere Abriel: And all of a sudden, all these clients signed up for the program. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: 11 o'clock. It's going to be awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know, and some, some people that haven't been there in the wild, are going to be surprised, too. So I'm glad you're part of that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you for
Jackie: Seriously, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See you next Thursday.
Bye.
Bye cutie.
Jackie: See you later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Nicole Roybal: How are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent years giving me a hard time today, but other than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm starting today off with
Gwenevere Abriel: Opening up the discussion.
Gwenevere Abriel: coronavirus Well hi everybody. I'm like, You know what, I might as well. Bring it up first, because it's on everybody's mind. So how much is it affecting you.
Nicole Roybal: I'm scared shirtless
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're scared. Tell me the thought. Let me, let me hear
Nicole Roybal: What just like because it's such a pandemic. I was calling it an epidemic with a pandemic. I didn't know the difference of that until the other day.
Nicole Roybal: But I'm honestly just like scared because like
Nicole Roybal: If they've been closed down schools they close down the
Nicole Roybal: Sports equals gentle sports like that. It's that serious. I didn't even know the swine flu.
Nicole Roybal: So I'm just honest, I'm just like, really scared been washing my hands constantly and then plus take care of my grandparents, I'm afraid, because I'm out in the world all the time. They're just in their house. So they're fine but me going over there. What if I give it to them. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wondered if you were concerned about your grandparents on this.
Nicole Roybal: This. Yeah, actually, because it's the elderly and the babies that are the most vulnerable to it right now.
Nicole Roybal: Right.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, honestly, my heart started pounding just even just talking about it, like, here's the crap out of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are some things. So we've got the hand washing
Gwenevere Abriel: And we know that it's sort of stays dormant somewhere between five and 14 days sort of sits in there.
Nicole Roybal: Whoa, that's crazy like someone touches a handle. And then you just can't handle it. You can say that for 12 days 14 days. Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Since seem like oh
Nicole Roybal: It's like a sandal world. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. But on the flip side of that, um, people have gotten it you know that are your age and
Probably my age. I'm assuming
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't done a lot of research into it. That's certainly on my my agenda to get more informed.
Gwenevere Abriel: And very and they were fine.
Nicole Roybal: I mean, I know they said if you get it between ages like 12 to 20 something or, I don't know, I can't remember exact numbers, but that your body will just pass it like a common cold.
Nicole Roybal: Am I within that age range.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are, you are your, your, and it's also a motivator to eat healthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have non toxic people around do write it, what it does is it highlights. We have a vulnerable immune system.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're more vulnerable right to those Taran agents to those well strategy and is a word that encompasses a lot of things that are toxic to the body. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Fancy word. I like it.
Nicole Roybal: And I never heard that one before.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was like, well, I'm gonna use that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: More
Nicole Roybal: Time, which I use big words, he doesn't understand he just like this.
Nicole Roybal: Um, but, no, I
Nicole Roybal: Was I gonna say I'm my immune system is really weak too because I've been puking and I don't know why.
Nicole Roybal: And I haven't been donating Evan doing it in a few weeks. And I just thought of that. That's the one thing that's changed my life. And every time I don't donate. I do like always feel like kind of sick because all the white blood cells are staying instead of leaving
Nicole Roybal: So I don't know because I went over like six years now, maybe more, and I donated pretty confidently and now that I haven't done in a few weeks. Seven. Take care, my grandma. I haven't had time I'd realized that when I started getting sick when I stopped donating
But
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, um, you may want to talk to to your doctor about that. Dr. Raphael, because what you just said sounds. It's not based in in really this beautiful mechanism. These white blood cells. The they go around and they make sure they're taking care of healing so
Nicole Roybal: YEAH, WELL, UM, WELL, I HAD. Okay, so when I first started donating. I started donating because I went to the doctor and he said my white blood cell count was really high.
Nicole Roybal: And that can be bad. And so he actually recommended donating plasma and I guess. Yeah. And I guess it levels, my white blood cells out. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What it is so high, white blood cell count may indicate that the immune system is working to destroy an infection. Right. So there's an infection. Interesting.
Nicole Roybal: That was like I said I was like six years ago and I just kept donating because he said it would keep me and I white blood cells at a good level.
Nicole Roybal: Don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: III, just the approach doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so listen. I love the stuttering.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I don't I don't live very well and
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wanting to try
Gwenevere Abriel: So a high white blood cell count may indicate that the immune system is working to destroy an infection, when you see them there, that's a sign that the body's trying to solve a problem. It's a real strong sign
Nicole Roybal: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its job is to go in those around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And fix their little healers those little
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, fight the bad guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I love the visual all grown up with that visual
Nicole Roybal: It also
Gwenevere Abriel: It also may be a sign.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of physical or emotional stress.
Nicole Roybal: Huh. Hmm.
Nicole Roybal: So that's where I met Dr. Kind of. He was like a doctor, he was even like trying to, like, just like
Nicole Roybal: Give me any pills like he's like well what do you want like just tell me what you want. And I'll write it down like basically and like I told him I was like, I want to think opiates. I've had issues with that. And he's the one that gave me a
Nicole Roybal: What does that really strong ibuprofen. He total lack total life and I had asked Dr opera house she could prescribe it to me. It's, I like it because it's a really good pain reliever.
Nicole Roybal: She's like, no, I'm supposed to prescribe you more than like two, three days of that and he gave me 30 days worth
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you just you just discredited that reporter all together. Right.
Nicole Roybal: You just say, Yeah, exactly. So I don't know my doctor was a good doctor. He was just someone that just feeds people pills.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's go back to which reminds me that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a primary care physician appointment. Right.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, I
Gwenevere Abriel: Guess what's going to be included in that discussion.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: This thing you're talking about right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Throwing up is like a real sign something right
Nicole Roybal: I know. And then I got a pregnancy test. To be sure, if I just check. Yeah. And freakin I guess it was too cheap because it literally had an option. If it comes out invalid.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, it was invalid.
Nicole Roybal: And I did it. And it had like a dropper you actually painted cup and drop it in the house. The house is weird. And it didn't work. So I'm gonna go get another one today and
Nicole Roybal: Again, the morning kind of skews most
Gwenevere Abriel: And. But again, you might say to the physician. Listen, this is my history. I've got some current presenting problems that really may need more testing on it. Tell you what they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's get started on this. One of them is this I'm rolling out pregnancy. Can you do a pregnancy test. Check my urine. Let's see.
Gwenevere Abriel: And this white blood cell count is maybe something relevant to it. Maybe my body's been trying to fight off and affection. If that's the case, I want to know what it's up to. Also, I highly recommend you talk about the the alcohol and say this
Nicole Roybal: Is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Huge change for me. I have. I'm also in MIT program.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you know tell tell this person I, you know, whatever. The truth is I don't know what it is, hey, I've been stable at this dose.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had this many weeks of vomiting, and this is the time of day, that it happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, really explain what's going on so that they know what kind of testing to do
Nicole Roybal: You said em at program so
Gwenevere Abriel: You are. You're in a medication assisted therapy program that's what yeah that
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah Suboxone yeah I'm at
Nicole Roybal: I did not know that was a new that but okay so so recovery program.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, this was very specific because
Gwenevere Abriel: Most other programs or draw i, which means you don't don't do anything.
Um,
Nicole Roybal: And that's
Nicole Roybal: What I found the right one.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well for for the for the opioid use
Nicole Roybal: The right oh
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the only substance that really need. You need something to address the withdrawal mean you couldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You couldn't kick it on your own. You couldn't do it. It's just
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: We have the support both. It really does. Yeah, even now that I'm I always want to say clean even know that I'm not drinking
Nicole Roybal: Just even like now I'm not drinking like just having your guys's support annoying. I have this like support system behind my back and just don't know. It helps a lot. It helps a lot. And by the way, don't reverse of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, welcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: And where are you at with I'm
Nicole Roybal: So old are you are in the group therapy at when I told Dr. Alberto, I must emanate it. I don't know what account, apparently.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, so the gabapentin I messed up. I don't know if I'm like so mad cuz I don't know how I didn't realize okay so I was taking
Nicole Roybal: Two three hundreds in the morning so 600 in the morning and then in the middle of the day I was taking one 302 106 I was thinking, okay, that's 500 and it's going to be 1500 and then I was taking another three 600 at night. So the two 300 so I was taking 1700 thinking it was 15
Nicole Roybal: Oh yeah cuz I'm an idiot. So sinking the 500 in the middle of the day is 500 and I told I told Dr. Aubrey other day low and I am I went down to 1600 on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, hold on, slow down.
Nicole Roybal: I know. Sorry, I just
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's what I wrote. Okay, hold on. Give a little give a little space.
Gwenevere Abriel: Little time give given some seconds.
Just breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm writing down I wrote the number two and an axe and 300 I put two times 300 and then I put one times 300 and then I put two times 100 and then I got 600 in the evening. I'm pretty sure I'm off something is missing here. What am I missing.
Nicole Roybal: Wait, I'm sorry, repeat that I'm confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Two times 300
Nicole Roybal: In the morning
Gwenevere Abriel: One times 300 which is one 300
Gwenevere Abriel: Mm hmm. And then I put two times 100
Gwenevere Abriel: So right
Nicole Roybal: Now, should be 300 at night, two times 300 600
Nicole Roybal: So like, you're right. I shouldn't be taking only 300 in the middle of the day but stupidly I was taking two extra 100 with it sells against that would make it 1500. I don't know why it was thinking, it'd be 1000
Gwenevere Abriel: It can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Grab a piece of paper.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Write down
Gwenevere Abriel: Two times 300 equals 600
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then under that put one times 300 equals 300
Gwenevere Abriel: And then two times 300 equals 600
Nicole Roybal: Mm hmm.
Nicole Roybal: And then add up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, slow down. Add up 600 plus 300 plus 600
Nicole Roybal: Can I know I figured that out. I figured out. Okay, just take one 300 and the middle of the day. I know I
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I don't understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you're giving yourself a hard time about it. But it sounds like you've been taking 1500
Nicole Roybal: Know, cuz ok so the one in the middle of the day I was taking an extra 100 pills. I have the 100 milligrams. I was taking two 100 milligrams with the 300 and the middle of the day, two times 100
Gwenevere Abriel: That's another that you are taking 1700
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what
Nicole Roybal: This week I went down to 1600 because I was so mad. I was like, you know, I was supposed to be at 15 almost 14 now.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. And so I'm
Nicole Roybal: Down to 16 and soon as I found out I was doing it wrong.
Accidentally
Was taking 1700
Nicole Roybal: Dr eyebrows. Like, I know I understand math. Should I can't go a week without messing up someone's prescription because
Nicole Roybal: I'm like, I know, but it's my own fault and I'm still mad at myself and she's like, well, you didn't do it on purpose. And I was like, No, of course not.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then started looking
Nicole Roybal: At yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: And starting to take 1500 dollars of when
Nicole Roybal: This next Monday.
Nicole Roybal: With. Yeah. Yeah. On Monday, I'll start taking 1500
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you're going slower than that, when are you starting to take 16 I
Nicole Roybal: Took 16 I've been taking 1600 dollars.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Taking 1600 between three guests 9392 313
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, very good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it doesn't surprise me these this is a, you know, we knew that was going to happen with those hundreds, we couldn't quite get get the whole thing figured out anyway alright so
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't tell it how much leverage that mistake has over you. I mean,
Nicole Roybal: Like it on through really upset me because I'm usually really good with numbers and the fact that I wasn't this time i get i don't know why, like it's been like eating at me like I'm so mad at myself for doing that.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know why I don't know why I'm so angry, like how could you be so stupid.
But
Nicole Roybal: Okay. Yeah, I know. I'm just, I'm beating my I do that I beat myself up over everything I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what you do with other people in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We slow way down.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's not quite the same where we say, oh, well, I'm just stupid. And I do that all the time. And here we say, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder why I do that instead of what's going on, what what distractions were going on. What am I
Gwenevere Abriel: Focused on instead of slowly double checking or or putting out the the medication, you know, in a container and having it already in little Ziploc bags or something. What
Gwenevere Abriel: Wonder what's going on that I'm not doing those things. Instead, what you do is what you always did. And that is, I'm stupid.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's what you've done in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who thinks you're stupid besides you. Does anyone else think you're stupid.
Nicole Roybal: Whereas this stupid. I just like
Nicole Roybal: I don't know why, like when it comes to like anyone in my life. I always feel like I'm doing something wrong or like, oh, they're thinking this is me, or like I gotta like
Nicole Roybal: I don't I don't explain that like
Nicole Roybal: One example I can think of at the moment, not the best example.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: But I'm like, my god. He's so sweet with me and he'll smoke with me, but I don't ever he said what he said he says one hand washes the other, and I don't ever like kind of pay him back with my own weed smoke with him.
Nicole Roybal: And I always just like people are thinking like, oh, like bad of me like as if like I'm doing something wrong or there we seem like the little things I do wrong or I'm not helping them out as much as they helped me out, or just who I'm getting so emotional
Nicole Roybal: Just like
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: They're just stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead just brief let's hop, hop away. There we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll read with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just lean in, instead, let's see what those tears have to say.
Nicole Roybal: Like everyone always expects more out of me and I'm not doing enough
Nicole Roybal: My sister is telling me she's like, I don't know why you think that like no one thinks that they're like why I feel like they do.
Nicole Roybal: Do that.
Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Had to, like, kind of like just say that and let it out. Yes.
That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so if your dad.
Nicole Roybal: My he doesn't say that he doesn't feel that way. I even asked him last night. Like, I don't feel that way you don't have to, like, you're fine.
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You checked it out. I asked them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And did you believe them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Nicole Roybal: We still feel that way. So it's, you know,
Nicole Roybal: It's like I always just like, oh, something to everybody in my life like
Nicole Roybal: I'm never doing enough always keep trying. Always got to keep doing for them is not, then we might not like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Notice how. Notice how upset you are. Yes, that's it. You just found it. Oh, goodness. Oh, that's just
Nicole Roybal: Always hold my throat.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They won't like me and is it also that might mean
Nicole Roybal: They don't love me.
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't love me and I'll be
Nicole Roybal: Alone alone.
That's abandonment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I and this is our theme. This is the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is
Nicole Roybal: Not that just because like
Nicole Roybal: I don't know if has anything to do with that. But like, I'm the middle child like literally smack dab in the middle. And so I've always felt like on the middle kid they've never really cared. And like I was only one might hit when I was a kid I
Nicole Roybal: And then I'm gonna want to graduate high school. Come on, let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Say, don't go there. Don't go there state come
Nicole Roybal: Back, back about that. I think I just because I was only one who do that too. I think it just made me feel more
Nicole Roybal: Less of myself.
Nicole Roybal: And I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's do some work around right
Nicole Roybal: Right in here right in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go instead
Gwenevere Abriel: To the anchor room today.
Okay.
You just see how far you got in here if you were able to play.
Nicole Roybal: Okay. Oh, and I did answer that question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay.
Nicole Roybal: Why do I keep having these thoughts of, like, cuz we're talking about when I get off the bus, and when I get to the side of town and everything.
Nicole Roybal: And so what I wrote down. I don't know if it kind of goes with it, but only wrote was okay. So I put
Nicole Roybal: Like when I got the bus. I'm human. I'm not going to just be able to totally stopped away to the trash like I'm human, and I need to remember that my brain has thought one way for a long time.
Nicole Roybal: And I need to cut myself some slack because I'm not a super human I have feelings and problem just like everyone else. And I didn't remember that.
Nicole Roybal: And you put those thoughts on the side of the road and pass right by it and just hold on to my truth, and remember that I'm better than this. And I could push past like I just don't think about it like just try to like I said pacified on the road and just keep going.
Nicole Roybal: Please give you that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And have you been able to use that imagery
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, actually a lot
Nicole Roybal: It's insane. Like it's weird, like I've used them. It doesn't seem like works every time. But when I do, actually really focus on it and just try to actually like just go inward like you tell me it's really hard for me to go inward. I don't know why I think I just don't like to see myself.
Nicole Roybal: Even though it's not a bad person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ministry. The imagery. When I focus on it finished. That's part of the thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: The imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: When I focus on it.
Nicole Roybal: It's, um, it's like I have to like really go inward and like really just kind of like I guess in a way like meditate like I have to sit there and close my eyes and just like how myself like okay
Nicole Roybal: Just picture yourself in the car, like, just like you know really hard, but as long as you push through that like
Nicole Roybal: Like where you feel stupid for doing it.
Nicole Roybal: As long as you put past that.
Nicole Roybal: Then it's like, Okay, do this, and then it becomes more like vivid
Nicole Roybal: In a way.
Uh huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you want a way to persuade yourself around the stupid part
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just saying.
Nicole Roybal: No, no. Yeah, you're right.
Me.
Gwenevere Abriel: The way you would romanticize and start to project into the future about how great it will feel after you score.
Gwenevere Abriel: The brain was doing something. Anyway, was using imagination to do that. So it's not that ridiculous, we're just putting in place something productive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive
Gwenevere Abriel: If the end result is that you end up feeling at peace and that there's really no problem to solve it. Really, you're okay. In that moment, if we can put together a few of those moments and you have 60 seconds. Five minutes, an hour. It's a win and yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is the imagery instead of thing about it is it's okay for you. Instead, you don't think it's ridiculous because you're going to go numb out
Gwenevere Abriel: Go lay down do nothing. Move nothing forward in your life. But that one's okay because it's familiar to you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I don't know. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. Yes, but you recognize the silliness of it and
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Like a beta is just like, well, because like you stand outside of the road. So take the bus, you know, your center your eyes close
Nicole Roybal: This crackhead
Nicole Roybal: Just like we go find a bench.
Nicole Roybal: I was able to actually, um,
Nicole Roybal: The other day when I came home from my grandma's house. It was kind of, I call them kind of late and I was able to get off the bus and I didn't think about it at all.
Nicole Roybal: There's a bus and just walk to whatever because I was just in such a rush to get home. So it's dark and it was it looked like it was going to rain and I mean I mean my brain. Let's just focus on so much other things I didn't think about it.
Nicole Roybal: I was like, you know, when I got home, I was like, yes.
Nicole Roybal: Yes, let's get better.
Nicole Roybal: I like you, but
Nicole Roybal: I just I keep thinking like, oh, it's just going to go away in a day.
Nicole Roybal: And so I was saying and what I said in that sentences. I'm not superhuman. I gotta remember that I'm gonna have these things I'm going to have these thoughts. I can't just delete them and I got to remember that.
Nicole Roybal: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right now I've got an
Gwenevere Abriel: Agenda
Nicole Roybal: How are you doing with the whole coronavirus craziness.
Nicole Roybal: I'm okay. Thank you.
Nicole Roybal: You ask everyone else will. The questions. If you're going to ask you.
Thank you.
Nicole Roybal: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess I'm reluctant to want to move away from some important things that she said no, really want to want to see if we can have a little bit of a little bit of growth around that. Okay.
Nicole Roybal: Which one
For me,
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Surveying I gotta be constantly vigilant about what I'm supposed to be doing, how I can better. How can I do more be better fix
Gwenevere Abriel: So that people don't abandon me
Nicole Roybal: And I know you told us. That's not a thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't go right
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, but
Nicole Roybal: Very cool, is be doing more for people. And I'm not doing
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the earliest recollection of someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Either sending that message to you or you
Gwenevere Abriel: Absorb that message, regardless of whether they were direct or indirect about it.
Nicole Roybal: I felt like it started once like Daniel with my boyfriend.
Nicole Roybal: Because he's always like, like I said, like he's always pushing like oh you're about to be 30 like you need to have your life together. And that's I think that. And then also, like, just like
Nicole Roybal: pushed me to be better because he knows that I could be better, but because of Him pushing you to be better made me feel like I have to
Nicole Roybal: Always be trying to be like this perfect person for whoever I'm around for their parents with my sister, whether it's Daniel. Well, if anybody. They are always pushing to be better. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let this process guide. And remember, we're going to slow down a little bit in order to
Nicole Roybal: Kind of have
Gwenevere Abriel: To change, we can't
Gwenevere Abriel: Have too much change when we're changing the, the thought so quickly. We kind of need to sit in one one space for a little bit. So let's just sit there
Nicole Roybal: For a second, it's hard for me.
Nicole Roybal: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here I'm right here to bring us back. We're back. Someone can WE'RE BACK TO YOU JUST REMEMBERED
Gwenevere Abriel: It was it 30. Now I want you to go further back. I want you to see if you were trying really trying really wanted to be so good. So good. If only.
Gwenevere Abriel: If only I did this, then
Gwenevere Abriel: See if it was there in your
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there was still this
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to it's
Nicole Roybal: Also, I think.
Nicole Roybal: Being on drugs. Well,
Nicole Roybal: Now that I'm awful. I just feel like, okay, when you judge I got through that.
Nicole Roybal: I can be so much better than that person. And then when I was drinking. I feel like I'm still like just as valuable person still drinking
Nicole Roybal: When like when I was drinking enough. And so I think because of that. Now I'm just like, Okay, I'm Knievel not drinking
Nicole Roybal: And it's like, I can be so much better. I could be a better person. I could be just like up here, and like, and I'm not so I'm just like, what, what the hell I could be better. I need to be better. I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm trying, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying so hold on.
Nicole Roybal: But the thing is, I'm not trying. I'm not working.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hold on, Nicole. Stay here. Stay in the present that you just went up into the future. I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: To go backward keep going back
Nicole Roybal: Because I don't feel like I'm trying
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Nicole Roybal: Yeah I am, whatever, but like I don't like I'm actually trying Nicola
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me help me time. Okay.
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll get some tissue.
Nicole Roybal: I know can I right click
Gwenevere Abriel: So just sit with the I'm trying now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when the you're not trying enough stuff comes by, leave it on the side of the road.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am instead of trying. I am doing
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Gwenevere Abriel: doing both. Nope. Let that negative thoughts sit on the side of the road that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just saw it yesterday, but the
Gwenevere Abriel: Lead the yes spots on a dusty side of the road.
Nicole Roybal: Sometimes I don't even know what the things are that should be living on a Saturday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. It was the yes but
Nicole Roybal: Did I say I did not
Gwenevere Abriel: So what it so hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Am
Gwenevere Abriel: Making calls
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: Improve
Gwenevere Abriel: My
Gwenevere Abriel: Health care routine.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if that's true, right. You called you made sure you had a primary care physician. So I'm making calls and scheduling.
Healthcare
Gwenevere Abriel: Improve the routine.
Gwenevere Abriel: routine health care.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Not drinking
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Taking medication as prescribed and sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: I make a mistake.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if those are true. Just pay attention on to say anything. Just, just sit with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trying to get just in touch with what is
Gwenevere Abriel: I am learning
Gwenevere Abriel: New ways to cope
Gwenevere Abriel: With my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm practicing new
Gwenevere Abriel: Imagery
Gwenevere Abriel: To cope with my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm practicing new breathing techniques.
Gwenevere Abriel: To feel calm with my feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm working hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the moment try on got another one for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the moment I wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: The moment I fall asleep.
Gwenevere Abriel: To hang on to myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: To learn what I want
Gwenevere Abriel: To know what boundaries are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Heal and to heal.
Gwenevere Abriel: From the moment I wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, don't leave
Nicole Roybal: That feeling
Nicole Roybal: Would you not say that dude I'm saving investigatory oh
Nicole Roybal: Sorry, my
Nicole Roybal: Hair things that I'm still up there. I just
Nicole Roybal: Say, something's wrong. Just throw and I was like what you
Nicole Roybal: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Life goes on.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Life goes on, this is, this is real world stuff. Okay, this is what navigating you in the presence of a brother, a sister of a mother of a father. This is what it is you're going to be with you while life goes on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your ability to come back to you to what you want to focus on the ability to focus your attention on what you want it to be on is a skill.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a practice one
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, it's going to be especially hard for you.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, not only focusing on just like what everyone else is thinking what everyone else is feeling China, make sure that they're
Nicole Roybal: They're good because I don't know if I'm good. I just want make sure they're not angry me or not. I don't care if I'm good. Just like I want to make sure
Nicole Roybal: They're not upset with me in any way. So we try to like I guess tend to their feelings more. So I guess maybe I'm way more their feelings of mine.
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember what you
Gwenevere Abriel: were invited
Gwenevere Abriel: To focus on
Two minutes ago.
Nicole Roybal: On me
Nicole Roybal: And myself and my feelings and my thoughts and what makes me valuable and
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what were some of them, tell me.
Nicole Roybal: You said okay my okay so boundaries is one that hit the nerve. So I said my neck and kind of
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I saw that there was a lot of other stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: That I said
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, like, kind of like, I know. And I didn't even realize like if I was getting like tension, because I was trying to listen you but you said
Nicole Roybal: I'm strong. I'm not
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't. Nope.
Nicole Roybal: Nope, nope, neither those
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention.
That
Nicole Roybal: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe, maybe.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or maybe you had a distraction, maybe while I was saying those things your mind was focused on someone in the room or hearing or I don't know what. But notice what happened. You didn't remember
Gwenevere Abriel: We won't remember thing. I said, watch and recognize it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am
Gwenevere Abriel: Making calls to my
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nicole Roybal: People and doing stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: I tried. I didn't say that. I didn't do any generalities.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was specific
Nicole Roybal: God
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm
Sorry.
Nicole Roybal: My mom is in the kitchen cooking right now and then. My brother was walking through it just, yeah. Large sections. Right, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you didn't say to me, hey, Glenn. Let's keep it superficial. I've got people in the room and I don't want to talk about something deep and I don't want to notice how you didn't say anything like that.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, cuz I don't really I don't really have anything to hide from them.
Nicole Roybal: But I guess maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll. Why wouldn't you want to have privacy. This
Nicole Roybal: Definitely I don't foresee I do, but what can I do, I'm living room. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did I just say, let me see if you just remember what I just said.
Nicole Roybal: The distractions around, you can make your mind not pay attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, just now.
Nicole Roybal: And
Nicole Roybal: It's hard for me to. I hate when the last thing you said we can never remember it's like we don't remember it often forget
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'll do it again. Forgive me.
Nicole Roybal: Look at me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at know, look at me.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get the sense plus or minus whatever. Do you get the sense, to some degree, that I care about you.
Nicole Roybal: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, stay, stay,
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay, stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to do it again, Nicole. I wonder why you didn't tell me, You know what, when I have my mom around. I have my brother around and I really want to keep it light and fluffy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So don't go anywhere. Stay here. Don't answer me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay with me.
Stay with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you're very bright girl woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you get responses, very fast. You have a very
Gwenevere Abriel: Sharp mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it moves faster than I can trap it
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Again,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that I care about you.
Nicole Roybal: Yes. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know why.
Gwenevere Abriel: You didn't say to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm having trouble focusing on what you're saying. My mind is drifting off to the sounds and things that are going on around me. Do you know why you didn't say it to me. Slow down, slow way down, slow, slow, slow.
And
Nicole Roybal: What
Nicole Roybal: I'm seeing is because I just don't want to.
Nicole Roybal: interrupt the therapy. I don't want you to like get upset, maybe
Stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stop, stop, stop.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you to get upset.
Nicole Roybal: Kind of tend to everyone else's needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at your hand.
Nicole Roybal: Don't know why I do that right but everyone else before myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I want you to look at me again.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to be able to predict what I'm going to say it's
Gwenevere Abriel: So unlikely.
Nicole Roybal: I tried to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, come here and look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here comes the question, what is it, try and stay looking at me. It'll be difficult, but you'll be all right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you have to take care of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it that you see about me that you think
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't upset one up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to take care of her. I can't disrupt therapy.
Just wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say it again.
Nicole Roybal: You're another human. I just don't want to hurt anyone else's feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why did you see
Nicole Roybal: You being someone else's feelings. That's
Nicole Roybal: It. That's all.
Gwenevere Abriel: Stay here. Stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do I look hurt now.
Nicole Roybal: No.
Nicole Roybal: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait, wait, wait. Stay here. Stay here. Look at me. What do I look like I'm feeling, what does my face look like maybe there's an emotion. What do you think's going on if you had to read my mind. What's the emotion. What am I feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Hurt or something else. What are you making up in your head there.
Nicole Roybal: Nothing, okay. You're fine.
Nicole Roybal: Good. You're just chillin
Nicole Roybal: Like any feeling like I'm content.
Nicole Roybal: Finding contain me
Gwenevere Abriel: Finding content.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay.
Nicole Roybal: I'm sorry. It's so good.
Nicole Roybal: On screen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you were in my office here, would you be leaving the office to blow your nose.
No.
Nicole Roybal: I guess the recording me. I don't want to have the recording. I'm all good.
Nicole Roybal: Venus, me being care and carry to watch God's
Nicole Roybal: Issues.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm doing right now is I'm bringing you very much into the moment right we're not talking about things in the past, except maybe seconds ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're not going projecting too far into the future. We're doing really in the moment, it's only a few seconds, old, it's right here, isn't it happening right now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is my face changing is my tongue changing. Are you noticing anything different. What do you, what do you think's going on.
Nicole Roybal: Yo is such a calming voice, which is like, so I just like
Nicole Roybal: Like, you're good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Nicole Roybal: I think it does help. Like, like I said, talking you like really does help and like it makes me feel better, no longer but Friend Yeah, for me, but I just, I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: So stay here in the moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right here. Right. I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in again and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think would happen
Gwenevere Abriel: If you had said your own style a wait a minute, or whatever you might have said, this won't be as effective because my family's in the room. What if you said
Gwenevere Abriel: Something even close to that. What do you think might happen to my face to my voice to our relationship, what might happen.
Nicole Roybal: If you'd like I'm going to turn your eyes beside me rolling a little bit, get a little upset and like walking is there room, you go to where you can be alone know
Nicole Roybal: Like you get upset about it.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I do the same thing because there's nowhere to go to be alone. Anyway, besides the bathroom and I'm not about to listen to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, hang in there.
Nicole Roybal: I know. Sorry. You know me I rap.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I might look to the side roll my eyes was a room, you can go to like that.
Nicole Roybal: Not exactly that know you'd be more nicer about it.
Nicole Roybal: Because maybe try to like hide your, your, I will just kind of look to the side. And it's like, well, is there a room maybe go to that we feel alone. It'd be really nice about it but
Nicole Roybal: I know you'd be upset, deep down, and that's where it gets me is I know deep down. This is how you're feeling, but you're not going to show that because
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I what do I think of you.
Nicole Roybal: Responsible not ready, not doing what I'm supposed to be doing to make sure that I am able to do this therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when I say to you, you are waking up from the moment you reach consciousness to the moment that you finally lose consciousness and fall asleep. Those all those seconds and minutes and hours you are working harder than I do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Months put together you work harder than I do.
Nicole Roybal: Knowing
Nicole Roybal: So many patients and crap. No way.
Nicole Roybal: And Crapper noise.
Gwenevere Abriel: So do you believe me, my right. It's a weird abstract thing. Maybe it's only a day, two days jam together. Maybe it's a month or maybe it's a week, but do you, do you believe that I register that you're working harder than I am.
Nicole Roybal: I can't say what you believe, because those are your feelings. I can't tell you what you feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, go back to it again go back to
Nicole Roybal: That I I believe that you work way harder. You have so much patience you have so much stuff you do all day long, I think. And I'm not even working on helping my grandma every day. But I think that you work way harder. So that's like, no question about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am telling you what I believe. So listen to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe, from the moment that you reach consciousness. The moment that you fall asleep that you are working incredibly hard for the things that you care about that you have conviction and
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe it.
Nicole Roybal: Thank you. Appreciate that. And. Exactly. And that's what I try to do too. They try to tell people how they feel, or what they believe, because that's what I believe they believe. And then I'm usually wrong.
Nicole Roybal: Oh god, I'm trying to please everybody.
Nicole Roybal: Realized exactly what you said.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're starting to understand what's going on here.
Nicole Roybal: Right now, and I tried to just
Nicole Roybal: tell people how they feel like it's in a way, or I just
Nicole Roybal: automatically think I know how they feel when they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's why I asked you earlier, I said, is there care. Do I care. Is it a safe enough environment. You said there's right there is some of that. But there was also that you don't believe
Nicole Roybal: Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: Exactly what I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is no yeah you said doesn't matter doesn't actually matter what I say to you, you said
Gwenevere Abriel: When basically you're thinking I'm irresponsible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Yeah.
Nicole Roybal: And because you're not thinking that I'm just thinking that you're thinking that, but it's not even true
Gwenevere Abriel: Now look at me again is, let's do that one again that one earlier, is there anything about me that you've seen that seems trustworthy where I can be relied upon.
Gwenevere Abriel: To say difficult truths to challenge people maybe even it might risk pissing people off offending them or am I so careful that I'm kind of lying to you.
Nicole Roybal: Know, I don't think so. I don't think that you lie. I think you're pretty straightforward.
Nicole Roybal: So she says no, you're gonna say
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a story where you've seen me do it.
Nicole Roybal: No. Okay. I feel like maybe like
Nicole Roybal: Not that I can like, just think of off top of my head. I thank you been pretty sincere, he was telling me like you need to do this and you always pushed me and
Nicole Roybal: They forced me, you know, I know for me, but you pushed me in the way that I need to be pushed like forcing the way I need to be forced. You know what I'm trying to say. And so I don't think you've ever been.
Nicole Roybal: insincere about it. I can feel right word, but
Nicole Roybal: I think if I don't, I don't, I can't think of anything where I felt that way.
Nicole Roybal: But right now back
Gwenevere Abriel: back here in the back of my mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's still irresponsible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Nicole Roybal: Oh, like, okay, like say like when we hang up and you go and talk to your friends. Oh, this girl at their Machu so
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I like every person that's up
Gwenevere Abriel: And right now I'm thinking, she's irresponsible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at me.
Nicole Roybal: In some ways, yeah. Okay, so I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here I
Nicole Roybal: Like maybe you do think that like what's the whole medicine thing that wasn't cool. That was very good response, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're making it up.
Nicole Roybal: I think it's because it's what I believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: asked me a question. I'm right here in front of you. Check it out.
Nicole Roybal: Like what do you suppose it's what I believe about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: asked me a question, you got it in you. I know you can do it form it in a question when
Nicole Roybal: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Think you are
Nicole Roybal: As a
Gwenevere Abriel: Person I think you're the cat's meow.
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you were utterly intelligent ambitious.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your ability to take taken the things that that we talked about in here and you run it through a whole bunch of information you analyze it and you can share it right away, your ability to to process information is actually very fast, you're highly intelligent not
Nicole Roybal: Not because I process it and then it goes
Nicole Roybal: It goes right away, cuz I forget it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't see it the same way because you did ask me what I think.
Nicole Roybal: Great.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: Process information very quickly and then you cross the boundary and you start analyzing what I'm thinking. You make up a story about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that saps your energy.
Nicole Roybal: Make sense. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think sometimes you're inaccurate. I think if you were to trust that you're starting to bring people in that are more genuine and more honest, you might be able to just trust that
Gwenevere Abriel: When. So, the world will take care of themselves will will be okay well you spend your energy taken your analysis because you're in a in a self growth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you're in recovery, you're learning new things you're having to do it sober.
Nicole Roybal: And it
Gwenevere Abriel: Was hard
Nicole Roybal: So if capitalizing so much more. Now I'm seeing
Gwenevere Abriel: Your side of the fence and you don't come over here and you don't have to think for me, all you do is focus just really focus on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're gonna find you kind of like my memory will work better.
Nicole Roybal: You'll have
Gwenevere Abriel: More efficient storage of information.
I think
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just stay on your side and trust that I will speak up, I will take care of myself. You don't have to take care of me.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, okay.
Nicole Roybal: So get away. Same towards you. Bye. Take care of everyone else Romulans.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nicole a therapeutic relationship is
Gwenevere Abriel: A great place to work out those more important relationships in here. It's a reenactment more transference. If you're afraid. Ian sort of philosophy here.
Gwenevere Abriel: The same things that happen out there and your real world happened here on probably a much smaller scale.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: But you work it out here your confidence level your ability to really get what I'm talking about will be rehearsed and practiced and easier to get to. When you use those same skills out there.
Nicole Roybal: Okay, I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just really sit with what we did today you sat and you moved through the discomfort of risking confrontation abandonment judgment you risked a lot and you sat here. You did it.
In real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And for brief periods of time, there was no discharge. There was no nervous giggle. There was just you stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Great.
Nicole Roybal: Nervous giggles gone
Gwenevere Abriel: But it actually takes engaging or you're not looking away and you're not doing these when you're here and you're actually in tune with someone. Yeah, okay.
Nicole Roybal: That makes sense. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let's
Nicole Roybal: Make sure I'm alone next time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're funny.
Gwenevere Abriel: Schedule another appointment.
Nicole Roybal: Friday. Next, right. So we'll see what you have, nevermind. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's, that's fine. We can do 10 o'clock. Again, if you like.
Nicole Roybal: That works perfect
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, is there a bridge of medication or you're good to go tell your next group.
Nicole Roybal: Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'm good to group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure you tell me, because this is your moment I may not answer texts or anything later. So this is
Nicole Roybal: No, no, I'm good. Till group. She sent me nine are loving, I don't have enough
Nicole Roybal: Good. Thank you so much. Have a good day.
Nicole Roybal: We'll think about all this. I promise.
Nicole Roybal: Thank you.
Trevor Burger: You're probably gonna be mad at me for the pin. I'm using
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, let me see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, cheese.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what a trip you don't
Trevor Burger: Look at it.
Trevor Burger: And that's how you click it, look.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, and
Trevor Burger: I got it whenever I had surgery on my elbow. The Lady in the office. I did all my paperwork. She had it so she told me I could keep it from my three years ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you imagine me and you're taking notes with that. How are you feeling today.
Trevor Burger: Well, I wanted to be. I really wanted to go to school to be a nurse or a phlebotomist or something. So like it always really interested me
Trevor Burger: And I'm, I mean, I still if I, if the opportunity comes for me to financially, be able to start going to school and instead of working out much love to do that. And me and my mom had been talking about it and my grandpa thinks gonna try to help me so
Trevor Burger: I just haven't had enough belief in myself to
Trevor Burger: Believe that I could you know pass all the tests and study and all that, but I haven't. I said, Okay, I've been asking now. So I've been asking for help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's so exciting. Yeah, I haven't heard about that, like that is just new information.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so
Trevor Burger: I've always loved medical people
Trevor Burger: Just because I've been in the hospital so much from surgeries and racing it, I got it just grew. I've always wanted to be a nurse or a phlebotomist where they take blood or x ray tech
Gwenevere Abriel: Me now you have been your mom sent me a little thing makes me
Trevor Burger: Yes, Sunday night we went to Celebrate Recovery. I met Chris
Trevor Burger: Yeah so. Celebrate Recovery was really cool like
Trevor Burger: How they do it is they have like praise and worship or whatever. And then they have a sermon one week and then the next week. They have a testimony from someone
Trevor Burger: And it goes back to every other week. And then after that's over. You go back into the groups and it's like a a group, basically, but
Trevor Burger: They, uh, so, but I didn't like Chris, I just a little too. He's just, I liked him, and he's, you know, he said he'd been through the stuff I've been through, but he's just a little too clean cover me. I can't
Trevor Burger: Call him and be like, hey, man, I'm about to fucking lose it. Like that's not someone I could call and say that you know what I mean. Yeah, and him understand what I'm saying. He's one of the type of people that would be like okay well you just need to pray it away.
Trevor Burger: I was like, no, I'm sorry bro
Trevor Burger: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but let me tell you.
Trevor Burger: There is another guy, the guy that spoke that night, the
Trevor Burger: Meeting that I'm supposed to be meeting tonight at church. What's his name.
Trevor Burger: I did. I didn't get his name. He just did the sermon. But the reason that stood out to me him stood out to me is because he gave kind of like
Trevor Burger: A breakdown of the, how does the steps relate to the Bible and discern. But he, the way he was talking and the way his experience was. That's what I connected to, not the other. But, and I introduced myself to him. I can't remember his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was he the testimony guy.
Trevor Burger: Well, this week. It was like the teaching, but he was the one that was teaching. Okay, so look
Gwenevere Abriel: Up for now until we get a name. And you can always have a pseudo name if he doesn't want to have wants to remain anonymous. But just for our communication. I'm going to be calling him teaching guy for now.
Trevor Burger: That's fine, because I don't remember his name.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. All right. Well, that's cool. That is fantastic, you paid attention to your intuition.
Trevor Burger: And I took all three strips this morning and I feel great. So it didn't make me down or tired like our saying I felt great so far. So we'll see how tonight goes
Trevor Burger: Okay, because as soon as you told me that how you explained it yesterday about the, you know, I just want to reach for something that's it clicked in my I've never had it explained. That's why I
Trevor Burger: Was wanting to do it. So as soon as I realized that I'm willing to change it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Just, just so there's this way, much like you did with with Chris there's I've identified what I'm going to do, I'm going to check it out. I'm going to pay attention to how I feel around it. Same thing with Chris as it is with this particular dosing
Gwenevere Abriel: You just, you try and sit with the understand it. We don't hold on to label for too long. It's not going to do I want to please one of their. No, that's not going to be a good motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I. Is this an investment in my recovery and wait, wait a minute. No, I don't feel good. We want to know you just hold on loosely
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, just stay in touch with it each time you get new information. Oh, I noticed a pattern here. I noticed a pattern there. I noticed I don't like this or I do like that just paying attention over and over to your intuition. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very cool. We You sound very excited.
Trevor Burger: Yes, I'm doing really good I'm 10 times better. Okay. I think that the first relapse. I had in the last two months I
Trevor Burger: I was creating excuses for why I couldn't do this or why I couldn't do that or why I wasn't putting my recovery first work was still first. And so finally I I've been putting this and everything before work for the past two weeks and I haven't ever felt better.
Trevor Burger: And I told my boss, my boss is my hand so I told her I was and she understands. So she, she said, whatever you need to do. And I told her that I need.
Trevor Burger: To work. And so now, instead of working 10 hour days I'm working five eight hour days instead of 410 hour days. That way I get off at 330 in the afternoon, and that gives me time to go and
Trevor Burger: Meet with whatever I need to do to not work. You know, like, get away from work, because that's the one thing that was killing me. And so they've all okayed it so I'm excited.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so you can hear that.
Gwenevere Abriel: The course. The, the storyline that you weren't
Gwenevere Abriel: It wasn't the truth, but you it ran its course and
Gwenevere Abriel: There's no way I could have made a difference because I've been saying it, but
Trevor Burger: I had to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You had to do it, that's just kind of the way we are. We got to find it our own way and I respect that. I get that.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a you know a parent and a
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone who kind of cares about my clients. I wish I could get ahead of it for you until you don't do it. It's gonna hurt, but I can't. Unfortunately,
You guys have to experience it yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that is true and it might also be that you can take in some cautionary tales from people
Gwenevere Abriel: When you were listening to the Teaching guy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was there a cautionary tale that resonated for you.
Trevor Burger: I think more what what resonated with me, was his. This is more of his aura. He was kind of like a more abrupt up front guy like me kind of the Chris Guy almost seemed like he was intimidated by me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, that's
Trevor Burger: What I mean, and that's what I'm saying. And the guy up front was like real in your face just preach and that's what because I can be. I don't mean this in a bad way at all. But I come off intimidating to people because I
Trevor Burger: I just do. I'm a big guy and I but
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, now listen here buddy you know your own mind. If you do, you are a highly intelligent and a man
Gwenevere Abriel: And your voice is strong and you're saying, a tall to I don't know your height but um you do you have a force you have. It's not timid, are you, you're not shy about you'll, you'll say what's on your mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it doesn't matter.
Trevor Burger: What I want back for me because if he can't because if he's going to be too scared to tell me that I'm messing up or to tell me you know and that's how I felt Christian would be he would be too scared to tell me stuff that I needed to know cuz he was gonna hurt my feelings.
Trevor Burger: And the other guy seemed like he didn't give up.
Trevor Burger: He was going to tell me you know and that's exactly what I want. So
Trevor Burger: And I told Chris that I told him. Respectfully, I just don't think that mean you're gonna work out, man. I'm just, I told him, I said, I think you're just a little too soft for me. I'm sorry. And we just chuckled and said, I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Oh, that's beautiful. That's an amazing, amazing stuff. Because here's what, here's what I'm picturing the addict is saying, you idiot. Why didn't you just take Chris. We could have just bulldoze right over his ass. It had been great.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'd have suffered another one. We'd had someone on our side man would have been someone with street credit and he could talk to go in and say we're doing everything you you've got that addict inside running scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was really cool, really cool.
That's exciting. Okay.
Trevor Burger: There's a bunch of shit that happened last week that you don't know about, though. Oh, and it's an I was spoke about it in group, but I didn't want to take up too much time whenever you're asking, you know, what has happened to you all this week.
Trevor Burger: Oh last for a week ago tonight. My little brother got another do you wi his second one.
Trevor Burger: His second one. He's 19 years old so I got my two DUIs whenever in 2014 and December and then 2015 in January, while I was still out on bond. I got my second DUI.
Trevor Burger: Well, Connor got his DWI, and he had to sit in jail until Tuesday till his arraignment because they don't do bonds here that you have to wait to see the judge to get out now. They can't just give you a bond.
Trevor Burger: And so, Connor got out and
Trevor Burger: You know, one of his friends moms was like, I'm gonna pay all your legal fees. You don't need to worry about it. And so he got out of jail.
Trevor Burger: And came over to the house that night and he was like bragging about it and all this and and bragging that like he handled it. And it was nothing. I don't know why people think Joe so bad and
Trevor Burger: I'm going to get this case dismissed the most active I can, and it pissed me off because I in total. I've sat in jail for right around three and a half months.
Trevor Burger: And the longest time at one point was three weeks and I told I told my that's why it hit me so hard, because one of my brother went into jail.
Trevor Burger: I felt those three days like I was in there with him because I, I was just constantly reliving my situation that from me being in there and I was so worried about him and then
Trevor Burger: He got out and he just went, he was supposed to work. He didn't show up to work all weekend. So I've been having trouble like dealing with that. It's been hard because he's still just
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, let's put a pin. Pin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you
Trevor Burger: Want to know more about that. Say that one more time to begin
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know how you're dealing with what he's going through
Trevor Burger: Okay, so this is the tricky part because I tried to deal with it by talking to my mom just personally does her about it, you know, just venting to her about how angry. It made me
Trevor Burger: That he was taking it so light hearted because the next time, he'll be in there for three weeks and might not get out, you know, the next there might not be a next time he might, you know, he
Trevor Burger: And my mom, kind of like jumped on me and got defensive end was like what Trevor, you've been there before. You can't talk about him, I said, I know I've been there before. That's why I'm so upset because I want him to get the help
Trevor Burger: And y'all are just and I told my mom that said, Y'all are just enabling him still like his truck didn't get took away as his phone.
Trevor Burger: He's driving around, and I said, Mom, if you would have done those things for me i i'm not trying to tell you how to parent, but
Trevor Burger: This was what would have really helped me whenever I was going through that was having my truck took away my phone took away.
Trevor Burger: And some you know boundaries and she was like, well, he's not you. And so it just kind of made me upset because I still to this day, yet you know from my mom and my grandma, my brother, these little remarks like, Oh, you're just a drug addict. They just, they only hired you because they like
Gwenevere Abriel: To hear me. Come back, come back. Close your eyes.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to invite you to go back go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to experience something
To know it. I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: I have to know firsthand.
Gwenevere Abriel: This person is good for me, that person is not good for me. No one can teach that I have to experience it. Just sit with that for a couple seconds. We just talked about when we first got in here today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I want you to give that gift.
Gwenevere Abriel: To your mother.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a gift.
Gwenevere Abriel: In the place of resentment towards her.
Gwenevere Abriel: An anger gift from the gift that she to
Gwenevere Abriel: Will experience on her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Timeline.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where her limits are what she will tolerate
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell her how to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She'll find her way.
Gwenevere Abriel: You stay
Gwenevere Abriel: With your experience of what's true for you.
Trevor Burger: That's the thing with me. Is it that like the night he got arrested Friday night. I didn't know about it. She didn't call me it was like one in the morning on Saturday morning, I guess.
Trevor Burger: So she called My aunt to go out there to get his truck, but next morning I just drove over to my mom's house to mow your yard and she is in the garage. And I was like, she was like, move and all this stuff. And I was like, Hey, why isn't Connor out here doing this. You don't need to be lifting
Trevor Burger: And she she just started bawling crying and I was like what happened, what happened. She said, Connor DWI last night and
Trevor Burger: So we she told me what happened. But then she asked. She asked me, you know, what do I do like what do I do
Trevor Burger: What, what would have helped. She asked me, What would have helped you whenever you got out of jail. I said, well, the jails probably gonna help
Trevor Burger: But also, whenever I got out of jail, every time I got my keys to my car back and I got my phone and I got all this freedom. I got all this money in my pocket and y'all.
Trevor Burger: And I got another DWI, a month later, and while I was on bond and then they didn't give me a bond for that one. I had to sit in there.
Trevor Burger: And so I told her, and that's why I told her, and then Monday. Whenever I saw her, you know, and I understand it's got to be hard to discipline your kid after something like that. And I don't have kids and I don't know but
Trevor Burger: We didn't get in an argument at all. I just, it just, I didn't even tell her that I was feeling this way after at all. I just
Trevor Burger: Just makes me sad really
Trevor Burger: It makes me sad. The most
Gwenevere Abriel: I know. That's because you're feeling for Connor, he's acting hard instead of feeling his own fear, you're feeling
Trevor Burger: I know you feels it
Trevor Burger: And I know he's scared. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's okay. But I want you to go
I want you to
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me that will actually I tried to do with you because you popped right into another story pop right out of it and you went and we didn't sit with them and and talk about it, but I'm gonna bring us back to
Trevor Burger: What came to my mind whenever we did. That was my, my mom asking me that
Gwenevere Abriel: And I want you to be able to identify what is difficult. If we say that that it is a gift because I give it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't tell you what you gotta do. I know I have to sit back, I have to be a compassionate witness. I have to hold space that you will find your way.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is difficult for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't do it for you. I can
Trevor Burger: I guess you saying that made me realize something though is that
Trevor Burger: It's almost like my mom had to do that feeling I have from my brother. She had to fill that for me times 10 because my brother hasn't even scratched the surface of
Trevor Burger: I've been to jail seven times rehabs I don't mean that to brag it all 12 rehabs whatever three hospital four or five six hospital visits plus that so she's been had to see me and worry about me like that, you know, forever. And this is the first time I've had to do it for somebody else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that again. That last part. This
Trevor Burger: This is the first time I've had to fill up my mom's had to feel for years for me.
Trevor Burger: Towards somebody I LOVE WHICH IS MY BROTHER IS THAT FEELING A man is he. Okay. And they're like, Man, Man, and or worrying about like another human being, like,
Trevor Burger: I've never because I've been so wrapped up in drugs. I haven't ever
Trevor Burger: Especially there's just never been somebody else in my life that I truly loved and cared about that had an addiction problem. I was the one
Trevor Burger: So now there's my brother and I'm experiencing these feelings and it's just like that whole day like I just and plus that day.
Trevor Burger: After Connor got arrested at Saturday we were all meeting at the local bar here to have lunch it because that was a year of my grandpa passing. So my whole family was there.
Trevor Burger: And Connor, they were all asking more Connors that and I was having to tell him you know he's in Lubbock, he's not here and
Trevor Burger: My Mimi's crying because Connor didn't show up and it was just
Trevor Burger: So you are weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've been talking
Gwenevere Abriel: The talk of my poor mom for what she's been putting up with. So you've been saying that, to me, it's been empty.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now you felt it for the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, felt it.
Trevor Burger: And I told her I have no idea how you made it through these flash five years with me, I would have had a mental fucking breakdown
Gwenevere Abriel: So Slow, slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother is couple
Gwenevere Abriel: Best way she knows how now I met her. I met her. She is intelligent strong woman. Okay, just first body splashes stood her ground just she's really present right didn't, didn't sort of cower to anything about me. She was just very present and it can be very intimidating.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she I saw none of that. Now, hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother is doing the best she can you have some fancy little labels and I'm not disagreeing with you around that enable word but be gentle.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, very gentle with that word, you and I might label. Some of the things the same way, but we're talking about
Trevor Burger: Better
Gwenevere Abriel: That has had to deal with this kind of sadness and
Gwenevere Abriel: He's doing the best
Gwenevere Abriel: They've gotta gotta respect that.
Trevor Burger: And I do 100% but that's why it made me so upset because
Trevor Burger: She, she's been having to deal with it for me for so so so long, you know, and
Trevor Burger: Now it's starting with Connor. This is a second one. And so, but I'm sorry, let me try to put this into words how I'm thinking
Trevor Burger: But now,
Trevor Burger: I know she's been you know trying our very, very best she did the very best she could do with me. But now we're corner whenever she has
Trevor Burger: Whenever she can look at what happened with me. And I don't know, I feel like she can like
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't you're full of it. You don't believe it. You don't believe she's doing she can you know better.
Trevor Burger: That's what I know. That's what I'm sitting on. That's not what I'm saying. I'm her excuse to me is, we did this for you.
Trevor Burger: The first two times you did this. And I said, Yeah y'all did that for me. And that's what kept happening. And that's her excuse, though, as we
Trevor Burger: We did this for you to Trevor, it's no different than you and that's her excuse of why she's letting him off easy and it makes me
Trevor Burger: So scared because she doesn't fully comprehend. I don't think the road that he is going down. If it doesn't stop.
Trevor Burger: Because she will have to watch me go through it, but she didn't have to go through it like me and I know what that pain feels like that. Connor is going to have to go through if he doesn't
Trevor Burger: And it's so it's such a deep connection I have to him, not because I know what's coming for him and I know how much pain comes from continuing down that road.
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus on your mom, I just challenged you and I don't think you can see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're still doing the best you can.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want it to be something else you want her to stop that enabling behavior. I know you do. But you can't sit long enough, and I'm going to tell you something about us humans.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can't sit with an accept her just the way she is. She's going to continue to be argumentative and justify her position. Just hold on, sure, sure, sure. Wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear it again if you can't hear her see her know her accept her just the way she is, she will continue to defend her position.
Gwenevere Abriel: Listen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really listen
Gwenevere Abriel: Not yes but not give it labels, because you know better and cautionary cautionary cautionary but just hear her.
Gwenevere Abriel: Talk for two seconds really sit with it for days.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come in with the I know better. You need to change. And look, this is what Nope.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something else can happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: With containing notice my hands off here.
Trevor Burger: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You notice how when you said to me, I something snapped for me. Did I run in until you need to get your shit together your alliance SEC asides, and didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: You came
Gwenevere Abriel: To it.
Gwenevere Abriel: On your own
Trevor Burger: Yeah, but I'm seven years down this road. You know what I mean. That's why I'm not even upset with my mom for for feeling that way because she is the way she is because of all the shit I put her through
Trevor Burger: She's doing it. She does it because of, you know, I'm the one that started all this, I always do that. But I'm having trouble explaining to you where my real
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, go go in a different structure, stop the storytelling and follow this structure, try this on. Hey, when I feel guilty because I or I feel
Trevor Burger: Scared. Okay, I got you. I feel scared that because of my mom doing it the best you can and her way and me staying completely out of it is gonna
Trevor Burger: Not be enough for Connor that he's going to end up going keep going down this road.
Trevor Burger: That's the fear I have in my heart. And that scares me so bad because I've been down it and it makes me relive it like what I went through and
Trevor Burger: I don't want that for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too much information. Nobody can hold all this you just got your brain works so fast. And it's very possible that this additional Suboxone can be a bit of a stimulant. So let's just be mindful. So just stay here with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to hear back that you just made this about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold on to yourself.
Hold on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your intolerance, a feeling the distress over the predicted outcome. You really don't like it. But remember, this is the first time I've never felt this kind of empathy for for someone, you just made.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your mother's challenge and Connors denial or whatever label you're working with right now about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't go anywhere. Hold on. Just hang on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's the first time again broken record here that you have done.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you somehow turn it around.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's so intense, but you're making it about you, your innocence, you're demanding that she do something different, hear me, hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you believe that even through all that you have for your brother and your mother that somehow it's circling back to your needs right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know that's going to be careful. I don't want to push you.
Trevor Burger: Know, I understand what you're saying.
Trevor Burger: Okay, I understood that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so it's just stay with it for a second. Just sit with
Gwenevere Abriel: It just have the quiet, let it, let it stay there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then there's now what if that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then just again compassionately witness
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the first time and oh my gosh, and now. Oh, well, okay, that's the story, but this is still really all about my familiarity my comfort with feelings, all that other stuff fodder. Right. It's just, blah, blah, blah, blah. But it's you sitting with an emotion.
Trevor Burger: I don't know. I disagree with you on it. I feel like I'm fine with me. I'm fine with me feeling that scared. And as for my brother. I would rather filled out all day. I would just rather him have help like then I, I'd rather sit with all that payment.
On
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're telling me.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the same way you had to come to terms and find your limit your realization of what BS. You're going to tolerate in your life. Hit your low or whatever catchphrase works.
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's different for Connor that you can take him by the shoulders and rattle him or a professional can get across to him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And he'll take it secondhand he'll take it from a sermon. He doesn't have to live it. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: For Connor, it's different. Why, why, he'll be receptive, I'll just say, Don't you understand how bad it's going to
Gwenevere Abriel: Didn't work on you but Connor.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your mom if he just come on. Come on. It's so bad. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Are they going to change or are you going to damage the relationship
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to argue
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel not understood criticized and judged. This is really
Gwenevere Abriel: dangerous territory, what do, what to do, really.
Trevor Burger: Well, and the thing about all of this. Just, I wouldn't even put onto a sense to my mom or too much. I haven't even spoken to my brother about it but I
Trevor Burger: Said,
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard you. She asked
Trevor Burger: She asked. She asked me, What do I do
And so
Trevor Burger: I told her, I said, Look, I can give you advice or we can meet with Glenn because I really don't think she knows what to do. But then whenever I told her, What would, what would have helped me
Trevor Burger: And then she said, I promise I'm going to do it like I have to do it this last time I can't take any more is what she was telling me.
Trevor Burger: And she said, I just have to get it right. I need your help driver that's what she was telling me so I told her.
Trevor Burger: The one thing that I can think of that would have helped me was to have that stuff stripped from me.
Trevor Burger: And then to see her not do it. It just made me sad. And I didn't even tell her anything about her not doing it, it just sat with me, like, man, like
Trevor Burger: So I know she needs somebody to talk to you about. She just doesn't know what to do. And that's where I think my sadness. Is that like because I
Trevor Burger: Hope that all
Gwenevere Abriel: Your actor to the Allen on, you know, the same things that work for you. The reality testing that we wish that this notion of
Gwenevere Abriel: Of all, just keep spoiling them. I'll just keep giving them stuff. And I'll keep then they'll see then they'll feel that their loved. Yes, that's it. We keep doing the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: What isn't what what's the way I read the recipe. You guys have have plenty of evidence that you're loved from your mother, but there's a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Follow through and limitation. That sounds like missing in your family dynamics somewhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't disagree with you. So the answer is get professionals.
Gwenevere Abriel: She knows she's hooking you up with it. Well, there's the other side of this, there's the Amazon side. There's her getting a therapist. There's a one of her in her life.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get a good consumer get a good one. There's a lot of crummy councils and so they're getting one that you can trust feels like yeah I can kind of
Relate
Gwenevere Abriel: Advice from a child. A child to have
Gwenevere Abriel: All many, many, many, many mixed emotions around how credible. Are you right. We don't meet how credible, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what I'm saying even unconsciously. It's like getting it from my son. I'm mad at him. I'm
Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your credibility is low and know it's weird, but she used to be getting it from someone else.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, and that's what that that's the thing like that night after he got arrested. She was crying and asked him for help. But now if I try to bring it up again. She's like, no, don't even want to hear about it. Don't bring it up.
Trevor Burger: Exactly. But that's why I told you it's been hard for me to sweet to watch it just
Gwenevere Abriel: I remember biggest word that I have in my piece of paper right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the first time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have felt
That deep wounding of
Gwenevere Abriel: Double dysfunction self sabotage and
Gwenevere Abriel: brings down a family.
Trevor Burger: You felt it. And the thing about it is, whenever I was going through all of mine, my dad was alive to help my mom so like my dad I listened to my dad and now Connor has this
Trevor Burger: Thing where nobody's going to tell him anything he wants to be just like my dad. That's why he drinks. That's why he drinks and drives
Trevor Burger: He's infatuated with my dad and he said, nobody is talking to me about anything.
Trevor Burger: Unless it's my dad and my mom tells me I don't. That's what she told me that day, whenever she was crying to me. I don't know what to do. Your dad's gone I it's just me. I don't know what to do. And I said, Mom, I'm hoping as much. Do you want me to. But
Trevor Burger: If I mean you got to do it.
Trevor Burger: But if you don't want me to find you. I just, it just made me sad and not watch it get followed through. Yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: The popper ecology stuff is
Gwenevere Abriel: honored guests to have the presence of dad. I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: Witness with Dad gets to
Gwenevere Abriel: Be there but
Gwenevere Abriel: You're my client.
Gwenevere Abriel: familiar territory.
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what your skills are
Gwenevere Abriel: Look, taking care of sad Connor. There, there, it's okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. Oh, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Broke. This is containing this heroes bad
Now that's about it for
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you going to make sure you do not run away from this notion you know scramble you know projected on this else
Gwenevere Abriel: Threw it
Gwenevere Abriel: In there.
Trevor Burger: And it's not just being
Trevor Burger: There may be
Gwenevere Abriel: Other salads.
Trevor Burger: Well, I'll tell you what I've been doing. And the only logical reason I could come up with myself as to what to do.
Trevor Burger: Was to just sit in it and not get my mind off of it. I have to just sit in this and go through it and experience it and and get through it. I can't reach for that trip tonight. I can't you know I have to just sit through this, this part of
Gwenevere Abriel: This is the first time. So I think it would be nice even almost self sabotage to say, let's not do anything. I don't think there's anything wrong with doing what has worked in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: You saw some of them. I can give. I can go, I can play I can do enjoyable activities, there can be prayer, there can be distraction. You write a list.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of literally things to do, going through. It doesn't mean and it could be trying to, it could be
Trevor Burger: Actually emoting know I have. Okay, but I'm saying like even whenever I'm at work at the one place that where I would my mind would go blank all week. That's all it's all my mind has been sitting in it.
Trevor Burger: And I, I just, I've tried you know going on my walks I've taught my meditations that I do. I've tried my
Trevor Burger: Calling and I'm the and also that is real close to me that knows her name is Mel. She's the owner of the company I worked for my end, but
Trevor Burger: We had to go on a drive yesterday. So I talked to her. I kind of wanted to her about it yesterday. And that's all that's really I've been able to do is bent to people about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to tweak one word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Try
Gwenevere Abriel: You realize
Trevor Burger: That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing and succeeding.
Gwenevere Abriel: Been taking medication as prescribed. This kind of thing we're doing partner, relax. Have you been using other substance.
Trevor Burger: Yes, I DIDN'T HEAR THE VERY BEGINNING OF THAT I'M SORRY. I DIDN'T KNOW IS A QUESTION.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it is. So here it is. I'm picking it a word you're using and I want to tweak the word you're saying, try. So I would like you to see if that's true. Did you try all day yesterday and you ended up failing and you relapse.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relapse
Trevor Burger: No, no, no, no, sorry, that's the question you are asked me now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay right so in stead. Did you talk to your amped. Did you sit with an ugly thought a sad thought
Gwenevere Abriel: A scary terrifying thought about your brother to think disappointment around expectation of what your mother's doing. Did you sit and think about them. Did you work and do your best to focus on them again skills that you listed. Did you do them. And did you also relax.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you did them.
Gwenevere Abriel: That part that's different. Here is
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have thought it would be easy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have thought, well, if I do these distraction things I'm doing these skills. I'm talking with them. I shouldn't feel
Gwenevere Abriel: Sad anymore.
Trevor Burger: That's why I was saying, um, I was trying to get rid of that feeling not trying not to relapse. And that's where I understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel like shit.
Trevor Burger: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been denying
Gwenevere Abriel: incident after incident after incident of when you're supposed to feel it. So you learn to find out what you really care about you have missed it. AND MISSED IT AND MISSED IT AND MISSED IT AND MISSED IT AND numbed out and numbed out and numbed out and now this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's the piece that I invite you to do. This is the add on, do your list come up with some more for today. Maybe some kooky ones. I don't know, hot bath cold baths to run. I don't know what I'm
Trevor Burger: Going to show you something before we're done to
Gwenevere Abriel: The add on is this. I'm going to catch myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: catastrophizing how I'm feeling. I'm going to catch it. I'm going to catch the meaning I'm making out of how I'm feeling. I'm going to catch it. I'm gonna put myself in check. And instead, I'm going to say
Gwenevere Abriel: This will pass. I'm going to sit here or this lesson will present itself a year from now, or tomorrow on know this feeling these emotions will pass, they will
Trevor Burger: The craziest thing about all of this is, I have never
Trevor Burger: Sorry, it's hard for me to put my thoughts into words. Um, so going through all of this.
Trevor Burger: Going through all of the discomfort, all of the
Trevor Burger: The, the regular things that would have made me relapse in the past and being able to just sit in it.
Trevor Burger: It has given me this feeling of
Trevor Burger: Peace of mind, because I'm behind all of that, because I know that I'm not leaving any stone unturned right now. So with my recovery. So I have a peace of mind in the back of my head that
Trevor Burger: Me sitting through this pain is just working out my brain like it's just working it out just like a like a muscle would at a, at a gym, like it's just
Trevor Burger: Making me stronger and it's I'm handling it. I'm not wanting to relapse. So it's given me this peace of mind that even though all those shifts going on.
Trevor Burger: I'm okay, I can still, I can still just do what I need to do. I can continue my recovery. Regardless, and I've never felt that before. I've always felt like whenever shit hits the fan that
Trevor Burger: I have to figure out instantly. How to find some pills. Yeah. And now it's more like okay, who can I call real quick. Where can I go through this walk, real quick, where can I have this cigarette at. Okay, you know what I mean.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the list. That's the relapse prevention list and don't minimize the actual listing of it. Because remember, we're very visual. People are choose a lot of it. Come visual habit.
Trevor Burger: I'm a big journal or I got I got 80 pages of journals from me just writing, writing and writing
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so why don't we turn a page. We've got a little bit of time. Let's get tangible. Let's go right to the very, very back. Let's go clean. Clean page right and then flip the
Gwenevere Abriel: Whole book down
Gwenevere Abriel: Upside down
The back
Gwenevere Abriel: relapse prevention or you can call it whatever you want, but that's what it is.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, that's
Trevor Burger: That's why I like the new group too because I've been to 12 rehabs I know in the ends and outs of all of the relapse prevention trend and then you know I don't put them to use for he could, but I know it, I know it in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so here we go. Um, I want you to put the belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to put positive self talk, you may decide to write a prayer you do
Trevor Burger: Your true. Let me, let me write my list and show you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me shut up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yoga.
Trevor Burger: Hey, it's all my paper. I love yoga.
Trevor Burger: Alright, so I put walking as one box breathing, two, three car ride windows down music up
Trevor Burger: Three call mill, which is my ML to vent yoga meditate on golf course. I love to go out there and sell on the golf course in the quiet and just sit on.
Trevor Burger: The driving range. I love to hit golf. Well, I live literally 100 feet from the driving range. Celebrate Recovery exercise and I'm telling you a cigarette. Really, really calmed me down.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I can't get behind that one. So I'm just going to shut up.
Trevor Burger: To you.
Trevor Burger: I feel you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Come over here, just see if this is just for brainstorm, see if
Trevor Burger: I'm in a screenshot. This
OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is just to add more brainstorm ideas. Don't forget to journal Journal on your thing to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I feel statement time stamp it I feel disgusted. My mother just duck. The duck timestamp. I feel embarrassed when
Gwenevere Abriel: Fred, Fred it right in front of me and timestamp.
Trevor Burger: Oh, I see one on here. I forgot.
Trevor Burger: A um so my me and my cousin on our paychecks. We got yesterday, we both just bought all of the musical equipment to for us to start recording. Again, I write music and music. So I'm about to get back into that and that really, really helps. That's why journal so much
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, but on that list. This is an encouragement that when your journaling. I don't know your style, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, let's track some of these emotions because these are new for you. So when I say journal. I mean, you walk over, it's not a big time commitment, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel you plug in the emotion word when my mother did this. My brother did this. My cousin did this coworker did this one short tight sentence period and walk away but timestamp it daytime walk away.
Trevor Burger: You know how like the journal. I like to journal whenever I get there.
Trevor Burger: I will write. I'll just start at the top know heading. It's not or anything. And I don't write with periods or comments or anything. I just right.
Trevor Burger: And I write and I fill up every single line in the end I just write exactly what's coming up to my brain. I put on the paper and then by the time I'm done with it.
Trevor Burger: I feel so much. I don't even know how to put into words, how much I explain it, but that's how many I wrote just now and I screenshot it that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it can you screenshot your own relapse prevention, because that's the one that matters, take that one. Get that one on your phone that for you on your phone. So
Trevor Burger: Though I carry this with me everywhere I go. Okay.
Trevor Burger: Good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's keep adding it let's keep adding on to it. Um, when you get ideas about it. We need ones that can be instant
Gwenevere Abriel: This one, two,
Gwenevere Abriel: Times. We have not a lot of time. I won't be able to do a great job of teaching it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you learn through all of the stuff. And if you forgot the details, that's just about as good as I don't know the grounding in the five senses from the Dialectical Behavioral Therapy model did you learn that grounding in the five senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sound familiar
Trevor Burger: Yeah, sounds familiar, but I
Trevor Burger: Just don't know
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll do it in front of you.
Trevor Burger: done it before.
Trevor Burger: I just don't remember the exact
Trevor Burger: If you're just getting grew up.
Trevor Burger: It's like a closed, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd let me just do it for you real quick.
Trevor Burger: So you
Gwenevere Abriel: Have it and I can slow down.
Gwenevere Abriel: On next time I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Here close that one this one. So it looks like this.
Is this is going to be wrapped
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're in distress right you're noticing on unpleasant feeling this is not avoiding this is getting back in your body when you're having a strong emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're possibly being hijacked by your amygdala. Okay. And so what you can do when you get back into other senses.
As in
Gwenevere Abriel: Your eyes, your ears, your skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your all factory glands right your nose, your taste buds. When you get into other physiological senses.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can remind the mind body where okay. It's not just this one piece of information flooding from the middle. It's not just that there are other parts.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of awareness that I can attend to. So it would look like. Okay. I do it with a lot more than just five. So this is how it would look come and do it for you. Okay.
Trevor Burger: What was the one
Gwenevere Abriel: Up taste. We can vary that one. It's like toothpaste or coffee or, you know, we can do a little bit, but you're going to see it done differently than the way that poster showed it
Trevor Burger: They love it. Right. The five. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's going to look like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up sparkle brown and beige a rugged
Gwenevere Abriel: stripy wave white beige crystal Lee point any rough
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what I did actually is. I tried to name as many as I could and I
Trevor Burger: Thought, there's five
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it. Now you're about to do it. You ready
Trevor Burger: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're looking at this object. Don't give it a label. Notice I didn't say crystal just adjectives go
Trevor Burger: Oh, and we're doing see. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just dries.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just your eyes.
Trevor Burger: Over silver
Gwenevere Abriel: What shape which
Trevor Burger: rhombus silver rhombus eyes triangle tail.
Gwenevere Abriel: What shape for the eyes.
Trevor Burger: Circle.
Out.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on here.
Trevor Burger: So I said, Tell that
Gwenevere Abriel: Label. What's it doing
Trevor Burger: Curve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. Good.
Or show
Trevor Burger: Intention
Yeah.
Trevor Burger: Silver
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on.
Trevor Burger: Do W.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you thinking about anything else except trying to give me as many adjectives that you could
Trevor Burger: Not figure out what the fuck you.
Trevor Burger: Know,
Trevor Burger: Still, this
Gwenevere Abriel: You do. That's right, because you wanted. Oh, that brain was like what's that it had something novel or brain loves learning something new and it loves novelty our eyes catch it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you capitalize on that and you try to label and you do it with fidelity. You don't use any
Gwenevere Abriel: Like labels of it. You don't be like oh it's rough. That's when you're actually close your eyes and you're feeling well that's a, that's a bump. It's sharp it's cutting. Oh, it's smooth. It's rough, it's it's bending I'm pointing temperature a warm notes cooler. I see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Temperature texture change. I had to concentrate. So here's I've got a couple minutes here. So it's like this. Your brain wants to do one thing. Well, it does. I know we say multitask.
Gwenevere Abriel: That on that it wants to do one thing. Well, if you don't like the direction it's going if you're starting to feed into the addiction voice or you want a little respite from the degree of sadness that's coming in.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do this exercise. And what happens is your brain wants to just focus on that you're going to do that one thing you're going to really give me as many descriptive words and look around you pick something up and you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But only through that one sense, shiny round black bumpy curve move. Okay. Then I moved to hearing
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh wait, I want to tell you how it works. Bottom line, and
Gwenevere Abriel: You have neural networks you are in one before over sad everything connected with that you don't have any over this thing. I mean, you ain't never seen this thing before. So you're somewhere else and you focus on that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brain gets a little break. Okay. Your body calms down heart rate goes down, respiratory rate shallow breathing changes little deeper. So it changes. So you do just the eyes and then close them. You just go here. I can hear the sort of ruffle throw my jacket.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're on, we're all sound from some sort of large like an air conditioner or something. I can hear my whiny scratchy voice I hear this pulsing of the blood, kind of in my ear outside of your lawn mower. I heard a clip from your side of the tele health
Gwenevere Abriel: I heard feedback over there. I heard your breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to really concentrate. You see that
Gwenevere Abriel: There it is. Now it's touched tactile
Gwenevere Abriel: And I take this, you put you can take your sweat shirt and especially if it's right on the edge of something where the zipper reaches this
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's complete. And then there's a theme and it's cool, it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Soft and squishy.
Gwenevere Abriel: squishy and you try you try so hard to come up with more. The harder you try the more focus it takes and the further you get away from that other neural network.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you go to
Trevor Burger: Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there we go. Right. And I've got hair.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can hear. And then I pull in, what do we saw in this room maybe on my skin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that in and then taste better. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's about it. Nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and I'm out, I'm out of whatever shenanigans. I'm in charge. And what I want to think about right now.
Trevor Burger: shit I'm out after watching you do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know it's overwhelming.
Trevor Burger: I hope
Trevor Burger: That's not the nose.
Gwenevere Abriel: Damn straight okay so grounding in the five senses, if you can remember with 54321 fine, but what you want to do is generate as many work hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: To come up with as many as you can. And just imagine I'm listening. Oh, did you do the temperature. Well, is that a shape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or did you just label it. No, I'm not gonna do that I'm going to try and come up with as many ways to describe it without a label. I'm a, I'm an alien from another planet. I'm reporting back. What do I see with my eyes. What do I hear with my ears.
Gwenevere Abriel: He'll talk to maybe it'll be in your feet. Maybe we like, oh, they're cold. Now I can. Oh, now I can feel my socks. I can feel more pressure on my heels than I do my arches. I can feel I'm rocking. Now it's on my friend of mine, and now it's back on my heels, give your brain a break.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you got it. That's a really cool one. That is a I've got you now have to bottom up. And that's your bottom up means we're not just doing cognitive stuff. We're working up, which means the body is informing the mind where. Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're getting into your intro section I got fancy words for it doesn't matter. But anyway, you don't have to believe in it for it to work still gonna work.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let's schedule another appointment, just want to check, is there any medication bridge to today that I have to let Dr on real no
Trevor Burger: No, she sent me in yesterday to get me to next Thursday. Yeah, to get through group.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you feeling about this. This group.
Trevor Burger: Yeah.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, there's a
Gwenevere Abriel: Brand new though it's typically only like three or four people in there, it just blew up because I wanted to pump it up and have it be a bigger group.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're going to see people that have have a little bit more
Trevor Burger: Well that and I don't really like
Trevor Burger: I don't really like the doctor elements approach on the medicine either like I feel like your mom is a lot more insightful and it's trying to help me get down as fast as possible. Instead of up
Trevor Burger: So I'm more comfortable.
Trevor Burger: With that
Gwenevere Abriel: And if that changes, then just pay attention to it.
Trevor Burger: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Inform the work. So let's, we already have.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I don't think you did you send me an email saying you would you would do this 30 day
Trevor Burger: I will, I will right now.
Trevor Burger: I didn't go that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because what I do is I take it and it goes into the treatment plan. It's really a nice milestone of I'm saying I'm going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you do we get to celebrate it. You get to brag about it, you get to feel proud about it because you work really hard. It's not an easy thing to do. And if you don't, then I get to say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder which part of these was hard to keep that you may be made a promise that you really knew you could build it useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, to me, okay.
Trevor Burger: Yeah, I'm, I'm doing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Oh my god group, don't I
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's stick with this for individual therapy march 20 at 11am
Trevor Burger: Yes, ma'am. And I'll be at a group at 11 the day before. Excellent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking forward to, if things get difficult. And the answer is yes. If you ever do want to do a family intervention. Yes, you can reach out to me for short term intervention stuff just to sort of be a bit of an icebreaker to the concept of what family therapy might look like kind of thing.
Trevor Burger: Yes, ma'am. I just sent the email back
Gwenevere Abriel: So that invitations out there too and without I say be good to you.
Trevor Burger: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't forget to continue to look at your relapse prevention sheet and reach out for connection human connection on cell phone.
Trevor Burger: Yes, ma'am. Thanks, Glenn. Have a good one.